Campaigns/Order of the Sacred Shroud/aufrag_heishbar.md, before:

# Backstory

Aufrag is the second son of renowned warlord Gotwalt Heishbar. He was born in
time of weak-minded, following the fall of God Hephaistus in the battlefield in
the far North. His ancestral grandfather has been chosen by God to follow him
into the fateful battle and was struck down among many others while protecting
their God from heathens. The story of that battle is passed among the
generations of Heishbars, urging the offspring to be stronger and more faithful
to the Everlasting Fire than their ancestors.

Aufrag was blessed by a falling star on day of his birth, elders saw this as a
sign that his life must be devoted to bring back Caller of Justice into the
mortal world. He was trained to be strong and agile from the early days. His
devotion is unwavering. He carries the honor of Heishbars along with their
family crest burned into his flesh. At the age of 12 he joined the Order of the
Sacred Shroud and continued to devote himself to the deeds of Hephaistus.

At the age of 18 grim news reached him. His older brother has fallen in battle.
He took the bloodstained helmet from his brothers corpse and woved to avenge
the untimely death of his brother.

# Vision
Aufrag sat in front of burning funeral pyre. He looked into the flames and prayed
to Hephaistus: as this fire carries away the remains of a brother of another man,
may it also bring the sign of Aufrags brother death.

He stared for what seems hours. And he was about to lose hope, but then, in fading
embers of the pyre he saw a vision.
A city of weird architecture. Sun that scorched the cities streets so much
that air shimmered. Temples for the false god. And then he saw it. A strangely
curved sword at the hips of wealthy man. He couldnt see the face. But the sigil,
decorating clothes and the handle of a sword, burned into Aufrags memory rekindling
the desire for vengeance.

Commit message:

Added nightmare backstory for Aufrag

Campaigns/Order of the Sacred Shroud/aufrag_heishbar.md, after:

# Backstory

Aufrag is the second son of renowned warlord Gotwalt Heishbar. He was born in
time of weak-minded, following the fall of God Hephaistus in the battlefield in
the far North. His ancestral grandfather has been chosen by God to follow him
into the fateful battle and was struck down among many others while protecting
their God from heathens. The story of that battle is passed among the
generations of Heishbars, urging the offspring to be stronger and more faithful
to the Everlasting Fire than their ancestors.

Aufrag was blessed by a falling star on day of his birth, elders saw this as a
sign that his life must be devoted to bring back Caller of Justice into the
mortal world. He was trained to be strong and agile from the early days. His
devotion is unwavering. He carries the honor of Heishbars along with their
family crest burned into his flesh. At the age of 12 he joined the Order of the
Sacred Shroud and continued to devote himself to the deeds of Hephaistus.

At the age of 18 grim news reached him. His older brother has fallen in battle.
He took the bloodstained helmet from his brothers corpse and woved to avenge
the untimely death of his brother.

# Plot

## Vision: Prayer for the lost brother

Aufrag sat in front of burning funeral pyre. He looked into the flames and
prayed to Hephaistus: as this fire carries away the remains of a brother of
another man, may it also bring the sign of Aufrags brother death.

He stared for what seems hours. And he was about to lose hope, but then, in
fading embers of the pyre he saw a vision.  A city of weird architecture. Sun
that scorched the cities streets so much that air shimmered. Temples for the
false god. And then he saw it. A strangely curved sword at the hips of wealthy
man. He couldnt see the face. But the sigil, decorating clothes and the handle
of a sword, burned into Aufrags memory rekindling the desire for vengeance.

## Nightmare: The calling

Aufrag is quietly meditating next to a huge bonfire, when a song reaches his
ears. He opens his eyes and sees a figure in the distance. Figure is floating
tranquilly with four arms clasped for prayer. Her face is serene and her lips
are moving with the tune of the song. She is calling Aufrag. Aufrag tries to
walk around the fire, yet the flames are never-ending, figure is always behind
the hottest flames. Aufrag steps into the flame, yet the pain is unbearable, he
stumbles back. The song is getting louder the more Aufrag tries to reach this
creature, but he is unable to do so.
