Characters/Raagna/IV_story/Achiles_transformation.md, before:

##The darkness falls

...

You don't see anything, yet there is no darkness.

You don't hear anything, yet there is no silence.

You try to breathe, yet there are no lungs. You try to grasp, yet there are
hands. You panic. You scream. You are not making any sound. You... Have you
died?

Void engulfs your existence.

You try to remember why you are here. Pain! Yes, you felt pain! You remember
bones. Bones sticking out of your chest. You were killed! Your mind dazes...
How can this be? Where are you? What is going on? You feel like riding a wild
horse. You feel motion, but you don't see or hear anything. Suddenly, a glimpse
of light shines. Light comes closer and closer. Glimpse becomes a spot, spot
becomes a wall, wall crashes on your existence with an ear shattering noise.

You start to distinguish vague silhouettes in the light. You see cloaked men
waking around, there are bookshelves behind them. You hear their footsteps, but
they sound strange to you. You hear a voice. You try to turn your head towards
the sound, but your neck... You still don't feel your body. As if it was
completely gone. You try to take a deep breath and close your eyes. _Nothing
happens_. Your mind is screaming in panic. Scream manifests as a dull sigh
coming out from somewhere close to your ears. You try again. This time you
release a louder sound, little bit resembling a muffled scream. Your view
tilted a bit by some external influence. A skull on a cloaked body filled your
sight. "This is _death_", you thought to yourself.

-"Relax as much as you can. The experience can be shocking, but you will be
fine in a moment."

Voice was calm and assuring. You still could not feel your body.

-"Ok, now lets give _you_ some extremities.", as the voice stated you felt
overwhelming numbness firmly grasp your legs, hands and chest.

You tried to breathe again. You stretched your chest, lifted your chin, ... It
was the first time you ever tried to breathe by repeating some body movements.
You expected to feel the flow of air in your nostrils, the cool sensation in
your chest, but nothing happened. You raised your hand before your eyes.

It was not your arm.

Well, not what you expected to see, at least. You expected to see your scar
covered forearm. What was hanging above your eyes was a white pair of bones,
connected to bony remains of a hand.

And that thing reacted to your thoughts. _You_ were moving that bone arm
around. Panic crept up to your mind again. You sat up with haste, looked
around. Skeletons! All cloaked figures around were skeletons! Why there are so
many books around? Books... That rang some bells... Library... Why are you
here?

-"Lich Kalduk!!!"

-"Bob, call me Bob. And relax. You are in shock. Everything will be fine."

You looked down. You are a skeleton too! Bone feet. Bone chest. Bone! You are
but bone! Face??? You touched your face with your hands. You felt nothing.
Neither face in your hands, neither hands on your face. You looked at your
palms.

-"I can't feel anything..."

-"Don't think this is easy. Just let me finish."

-"Finish WHAT?!", you shouted as you felt rage filling your mind. Your bone
fists clenched. You were ready to fight.

-"I can not let you do that", your body turned against you. In a second you
were staring at the ceiling again. Despite your anger and rage, you could not
move.

...

You sat up. Bob was looking at you closely.

-"Can you feel touch? Please lift that book for me."

You obeyed. It felt different than you are used to, but you could grasp the
book. Weight of the book was hard to understand, the texture beneath your bone
fingers felt completely gloss.

-"Thank you, now put your hand over this candle."

You sticked one of your bone fingers into the flame. You expected heat and
pain. Yet you felt only a warm sensation.

-"Hmm, that might raise some difficulties. Would you like to feel pain?"

-"I don't think that's necessary. Yet can I feel the blow of an axe?"

-"No, well you will experience a sensation of loss, in case an axe rips your limb
away."

Brief silence stood as Achiles contemplated on his new body.

-"If I... If one of my arms fall off, can I still move it?"

-"No, ...?" - Bob was a little surprised by Achiles turn of thoughts.

-"Then can I put it back on?"

-"In general -- yes. If your arm is not brutally severed, shattered or
evaporated. For example...", - Bob proceeds to talk as he quickly and seemingly
effortlessly rips your arm out of the shoulder, - "you may simply plug it
in...", - you are given your arm to your remaining arm, - "since I did not
break anything. Yet if I were to cut the bones in half, you could simply
bolster them back with any materials, but you would feel less control over the
limb below the fracture. Or in complete lack of craftiness, you would not have
any control at all. Similar to this...", - Bob sticks your sword into the empty
socket. The sword sways down hitting the table. You can't command it to move,
but it stays in the socket. You wiggle your torso and the sword flails hitting
the table again, - "Eventually you can fix any damage your body endures. But
that will involve some magic. And replacing your body parts with ones without
appropriate magical enchantments, will leave you like this", - Bob swings the
helplessly hanging sword, - "One thing you should keep in mind -- you can be
destroyed if your soulstone, which is imbued into the back of your skull, is
shattered. I am unable to keep your soul realm-bound once it escapes, it is
totally up to you past that point."

Bob looks at you with consideration.

-"Sorry, I might have overcomplicated this a bit. Let me try again. Keep your
head safe. If something falls off, put it back on. If it does not work -- find
a mage to it for you. If there is no mage -- try glue or bandage, but your
experience may wary. Got it?"

Commit message:

Final chapter in Achiles path to undead

Characters/Raagna/IV_story/Achiles_transformation.md, after:

##The darkness falls

...

You don't see anything, yet there is no darkness.

You don't hear anything, yet there is no silence.

You try to breathe, yet there are no lungs. You try to grasp, yet there are
hands. You panic. You scream. You are not making any sound. You... Have you
died?

Void engulfs your existence.

You try to remember why you are here. Pain! Yes, you felt pain! You remember
bones. Bones sticking out of your chest. You were killed! Your mind dazes...
How can this be? Where are you? What is going on? You feel like riding a wild
horse. You feel motion, but you don't see or hear anything. Suddenly, a glimpse
of light shines. Light comes closer and closer. Glimpse becomes a spot, spot
becomes a wall, wall crashes on your existence with an ear shattering noise.

You start to distinguish vague silhouettes in the light. You see cloaked men
waking around, there are bookshelves behind them. You hear their footsteps, but
they sound strange to you. You hear a voice. You try to turn your head towards
the sound, but your neck... You still don't feel your body. As if it was
completely gone. You try to take a deep breath and close your eyes. _Nothing
happens_. Your mind is screaming in panic. Scream manifests as a dull sigh
coming out from somewhere close to your ears. You try again. This time you
release a louder sound, little bit resembling a muffled scream. Your view
tilted a bit by some external influence. A skull on a cloaked body filled your
sight. "This is _death_", you thought to yourself.

-"Relax as much as you can. The experience can be shocking, but you will be
fine in a moment."

Voice was calm and assuring. You still could not feel your body.

-"Ok, now lets give _you_ some extremities.", as the voice stated you felt
overwhelming numbness firmly grasp your legs, hands and chest.

You tried to breathe again. You stretched your chest, lifted your chin, ... It
was the first time you ever tried to breathe by repeating some body movements.
You expected to feel the flow of air in your nostrils, the cool sensation in
your chest, but nothing happened. You raised your hand before your eyes.

It was not your arm.

Well, not what you expected to see, at least. You expected to see your scar
covered forearm. What was hanging above your eyes was a white pair of bones,
connected to bony remains of a hand.

And that thing reacted to your thoughts. _You_ were moving that bone arm
around. Panic crept up to your mind again. You sat up with haste, looked
around. Skeletons! All cloaked figures around were skeletons! Why there are so
many books around? Books... That rang some bells... Library... Why are you
here?

-"Lich Kalduk!!!"

-"Bob, call me Bob. And relax. You are in shock. Everything will be fine."

You looked down. You are a skeleton too! Bone feet. Bone chest. Bone! You are
but bone! Face??? You touched your face with your hands. You felt nothing.
Neither face in your hands, neither hands on your face. You looked at your
palms.

-"I can't feel anything..."

-"Don't think this is easy. Just let me finish."

-"Finish WHAT?!", you shouted as you felt rage filling your mind. Your bone
fists clenched. You were ready to fight.

-"I can not let you do that", your body turned against you. In a second you
were staring at the ceiling again. Despite your anger and rage, you could not
move.

...

You sat up. Bob was looking at you closely.

-"Can you feel touch? Please lift that book for me."

You obeyed. It felt different than you are used to, but you could grasp the
book. Weight of the book was hard to understand, the texture beneath your bone
fingers felt completely gloss.

-"Thank you, now put your hand over this candle."

You sticked one of your bone fingers into the flame. You expected heat and
pain. Yet you felt only a warm sensation.

-"Hmm, that might raise some difficulties. Would you like to feel pain?"

-"I don't think that's necessary. Yet can I feel the blow of an axe?"

-"No, but you will experience a sensation of loss, in case an axe rips your
limb away."

Brief silence stood as Achiles contemplated on his new body.

-"If I... If one of my arms fall off, can I still move it?"

-"No, ...?" - Bob was a little surprised by Achiles turn of thoughts.

-"Then can I put it back on?"

-"In general -- yes. If your arm is not brutally severed, shattered or
evaporated. For example...", - Bob proceeds to talk as he quickly and seemingly
effortlessly rips your arm out of the shoulder, - "you may simply plug it
in...", - you are given your arm to your remaining hand, - "since I did not
break anything. Yet if I were to cut the bones in half, you could simply
bolster them back with any materials, but you would feel less control over the
limb below the fracture. Or in complete lack of craftiness, you would not have
any control at all. Similar to this...", - Bob sticks your sword into the empty
socket. The sword sways down hitting the table. You can't command it to move,
but it stays in the socket. You wiggle your torso and the sword flails hitting
the table again, - "Eventually you can fix any damage your body endures. But
that will involve some magic. And replacing your body parts with ones without
appropriate magical enchantments, will leave you like this", - Bob swings the
helplessly hanging sword, - "One thing you should keep in mind -- you can be
destroyed if your soulstone, which is imbued into the back of your skull, is
shattered. I am unable to keep your soul realm-bound once it escapes, it is
totally up to you past that point."

Bob looks at you with consideration.

-"Sorry, I might have overcomplicated this a bit. Let me try again. Keep your
head safe. If something falls off, put it back on. If that does not work --
find a mage to do it for you. If there is no mage -- try glue or bandage, but
your experience may wary. Got it?"

-"Seems like a good deal. Got it."

...

First few weeks were strange for Achiles, as he no longer needed the mundane
things he was used to, like eating, sleeping, peeing or breathing. Also, the
numbness of his new body made him a bit clumsy. He spent the nights speaking
with Bob or practicing to control his new body.
