#Scene description
##Location
The Shaken Egg inn in the Shambles quarter of Rivermeet.

##Setup

Inn is an uninteresting building in the exact center of the Shambles.  There
are pathways reaching this building from all sides. Windows are emitting cosy
light from within and several chimneys are invitingly spitting out thick cloudy
fumes, which a weary traveler would associate with a nice warm mouthwatering
stew. Above the door a washed out wooden sign reads "Sn ken Ego Inn". You
imagine that even without a sign this building would still remind you of a cosy
inn, where you want to rest after a long day in the saddle. There is a small
stable-like building nearby. It could hold at most 3 tuks, but now it is
completely occupied by enormous amount of chickens. You assume that only locals
and seasoned travelers know about this place, as unknowing ones are attracted
by flashy signs to "Cross and Toad", which promise "quick service and comfy
lodgings".

As you open the door under the sign, you are met with a strong smell of tobacco
and stew. You see a couple of older men creating thick tobacco clouds near the
fireplace. Bar directly in front of the entrance has several chairs standing
next to it. There is a small girl behind the counter, with neatly braided hair,
pouring drinks into mugs. A dwarf is sitting on one of the tall chairs at the
bar and calmly waving his short legs in the air. You look around for the
bartender, yet you see only a couple of gamblers in the far corner of the room,
several other visitors at long tables near the walls and a sturdy looking man
with a dark apron, similar to butchers, cleaning a table next to the fireplace.

You notice that there is a huge stuffed northern roamers head above the
fireplace. It seems extremely realistic, with yellowish tusks and bright orange
eyes, staring just to the left of you. Smoke clouds tumbling around quickly
captures your fantasy, giving you the image of a misty morning, when this large
half-ton beast was stalking it's prey. You vividly imagine as this cat-like
creature tore the flesh of a wild tuk with it's enormous fangs in the steppes
just a few days away from this very fireplace. You shake of the images calming
yourself that this cat is dead and firmly attached to the wall and walk towards
the bar.

You sit a chair away from a dwarf, who just had a conversation with the little
girl. Dwarf turns to you and closely inspects your appearance.

-"You look like you need a drink! Helena, pour this fella some of your fine
ale! Have you heard about the frost dragon from Crystal Peaks?! I heard a
rumour that it was seen soaring above the steppes just a few weeks ago!  It
would make a truly magnificent trophy! Fortunately for that critter our paths
had not yet crossed."

As his voice lowered, an ear-splitting burp came out of the short creatures
mouth. The sound could be easily mistaken with a battle roar, if not for the
soft almost watery end. After performing this spectacular feat, dwarf
continued.

-"My name is Skärson, but you can call me 'Scottie, the troll tooth collector'.
I am a member of proud Rödberg clan, which is famous for it's troll leather
shoes. I've spent last years traveling the world and gathering materials for
a totem I shall erect in the name of Mörk!"

Helena placed a full mug of ale in front of you: -"Two coppers each, would you
like something warm from the kitchen?".
