#Session log
__2014 10 31__

##Attempted quests
  * ["Hole Below"](./01_Hole_Below.md)
  * ["Trapped Above"](./01_Trapped_Above.md)

##Intro speech
  You are Blacksteel members payed to return safety to Sprinkle Hills hamlet.
  Initial tribute is 3000 silver pieces. Remaining 6000 will be delivered based
  on Your performance. Benefactor -- traveling salesman who is interested in
  renewing trade route across Moarri dessert.

##"What do we do now?" #1
  Party was left at a table in local orcish inn. Surroundings were normal, orcs
  and humans were enjoying their afternoon ales. Adventurers managed to smalltalk
  one of the local drunks into leading them to "Broken Barrel Inn", which is
  located at the center of Sprinkling Hills Hamlet. (Not to mention that the path
  towards the inn in question was easy as hell. Go out of orcish inn "Trlghrr's",
  turn right, go straight to the main road, turn left, go through the Valley gate
  out of the town, continue on the main road, until You enter the inn =] ).
  "Broken Barrel Inn" was deserted, which was not at all strange to the bartender.
  Party talked out some information about local area, found out where are the
  local mines, and agreed to venture towards "Ye Old Mines" (which appear to be
  deserted for at most 6 years). Bartender's mother has died in the mines, but
  Bartender seemed ignorant about that fact.

##"Let's have an adventure!"
  Party left upwards to the mountain. At the crossroad they encountered fleeing
  Blacksteel recruit and noticed danger fire lit at the "Overseer" (Mountain
  watch tower). Party rushed towards the tower, finding a pack of forgotten
  trying to force their way into the tower. Quickly the threat was neutralized,
  yet the party scared the shit out of the young recruit which was trapped at
  the top of the tower. Then they took the recruit as a hostage and forced him
  to lead them to the old mines. After the first turn they heard some commotion
  back near the tower and the "wisest" of them, the orc Quark, rushed to see
  what is going on. Last thing he saw was an old man dragging one of dead bodies
  back to the tower. Orc rushed to the tower, but the man and the body have
  vanished. The party then tied their "prisoner" to the tree and went to investigate
  the tower again. Soon they found a trap door which led to a white stony looking
  door. Which they were unable to open. As a precaution orc bouldered the largest
  rock he could move on the trapdoor.

##"Hack and slash"
  Leaving the tower and venturing towards the mines they found out that the recruit
  GTFO. Not even leaving the rope behind. At the entrance to the mines, they
  (for some wicked reason) tried to ride the mine-carts into the darkness.
  This forced them into a tricky situation, where they lured a shitload of forgotten
  upon them. After a fierce fight the adventurers stood victorious. And afraid.
  As the sun was setting earth shook in the mines, releasing a cough of dust from one
  of the tunnels. Adventurers did not venture into the mines, but decided to return
  back, visiting the tower once more. At the tower they noticed (after a bunch of
  hints) that the large boulder was nowhere to be found. This scared the remaining
  shit out of the orc, who kindly suggested to collect their rags and leave.
  Upon leaving they noticed the boulder stuck in one of the strong pines nearby.

##"What do we do now?" #2
  Party gathered more information in the "Broken Barrel Inn" and tried to smalltalk
  a huge lady into telling where his husband was. All they got was that the man is
  in the town. And so they ended up back in the "Trlghrr's" where they fancied some
  food and got their bedrolls to rest.

