#Session log
__2014 12 05__

##Finished quests
  * ["Hole Below"](./01_Hole_Below.md)
  * ["Trapped Above"](./01_Trapped_Above.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)
  * ["House Cleaning"](./02_House_Cleaning.md)

##"Rise and Shinin' Miners"
  The adventurers woke up to a casual morning at "Trlghrr's". Not too bright,
  not too nice, and not too smelly. After a brief discussion they left the inn
  to search for the oldest miner from the Sparkling Hills. After chit chatting
  with local merchants (and eating a delicious cucumber) they were directed to
  Miner's Block. There they asked politely which miner was the oldest one, and
  were pointed to a muscular elder who was still in his morning willies.
  After some smalltalk, they invited the elder to some booze at the "Cut Barrel
  Inn". Their proposal was rejected due to close proximity of miners wife.
  Elder insisted on going nowhere near his wife and so the party landed in
  "Hook's and Stiffen's". After a round of drinks and some local stew miner
  opened up about the mines and what has been happening lately. Adventurers
  found out more about the old mines, miner even described their layout in
  rough detail. They also learned that new mines dug up to Ancients Tunnels,
  and that there is no way to enter the tunnels by force. "They are bloody
  solid. Not even those pesky fire mages could do anything." -- miner said.
  After such a nice talk with the friendly old miner, as the adventurers stood
  up to leave, miner asked to do a little errand. They had to deliver a little
  package to his friend blacksmith in the Twins. Package was opened and
  inspected, finding nothing of obvious value, party delivered it to the
  blacksmith. As a reward blacksmith offered to sharpen one weapon, but
  heroes refused.

##"¿Dónde está la casa de putas"
  Party decided to find the Blacksteel newbies from yesterday. As many
  adventurers do, they too have decided to fuck some whores in case they had
  some valuable information regarding their quest, meaning of live and the
  universe itself. And as many whores do, they fucked quite vigorously and
  stayed discreet about the universe. Actually it should be noted that only
  Tyla Nuttela actively participated in this endeavour, others just stood there
  and watched (perhaps they masturbated, but this was done too discretely for
  anyone to notice). After the party payed up, they left for an inn, where most
  Blacksteels spend their hard earned coins. Soon enough they were sitting next
  to the escaped youngster, who once again was freaked out by the trio. Party
  interrogated the poor fella, getting only fearful responses, and no valuable
  information. His partner on the other hand, appeared to be more drunk and
  more brave. Party learned that there is a band of The Forgotten, forming a
  camp just outside of Lucy's Orchards.

##"It's dark in here"
  ...
