#Session log
__2014 12 05__

##Finished quests
  * ["Hole Below"](./01_Hole_Below.md)
  * ["Trapped Above"](./01_Trapped_Above.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)
  * ["House Cleaning"](./02_House_Cleaning.md)

##"Rise and Shinin' Miners"
  The adventurers woke up to a casual morning at "Trlghrr's". Not too bright,
  not too nice, and not too smelly. After a brief discussion they left the inn
  to search for the oldest miner from the Sparkling Hills. After chit chatting
  with local merchants (and eating a delicious cucumber) they were directed to
  Miner's Block. There they asked politely which miner was the oldest one, and
  were pointed to a muscular elder who was still in his morning willies.
  After some smalltalk, they invited the elder to some booze at the "Cut Barrel
  Inn". Their proposal was rejected due to close proximity of miners wife.
  Elder insisted on going nowhere near his wife and so the party landed in
  "Hook's and Stiffen's". After a round of drinks and some local stew miner
  opened up about the mines and what has been happening lately. Adventurers
  found out more about the old mines, miner even described their layout in
  rough detail. They also learned that new mines dug up to Ancients Tunnels,
  and that there is no way to enter the tunnels by force. "They are bloody
  solid. Not even those pesky fire mages could do anything." -- miner said.
  After such a nice talk with the friendly old miner, as the adventurers stood
  up to leave, miner asked to do a little errand. They had to deliver a little
  package to his friend blacksmith in the Twins. Package was opened and
  inspected, finding nothing of obvious value, party delivered it to the
  blacksmith. As a reward blacksmith offered to sharpen one weapon, but
  heroes refused.

##"¿Dónde está la casa de putas"
  Party decided to find the Blacksteel newbies from yesterday. As many
  adventurers do, they too have decided to fuck some whores in case they had
  some valuable information regarding their quest, meaning of live and the
  universe itself. And as many whores do, they fucked quite vigorously and
  stayed discreet about the universe. Actually it should be noted that only
  Tyla Nuttela actively participated in this endeavour, others just stood there
  and watched (perhaps they masturbated, but this was done too discretely for
  anyone to notice). After the party payed up, they left for an inn, where most
  Blacksteels spend their hard earned coins. Soon enough they were sitting next
  to the escaped youngster, who once again was freaked out by the trio. Party
  interrogated the poor fella, getting only fearful responses, and no valuable
  information. His partner on the other hand, appeared to be more drunk and
  more brave. Party learned that there is a band of The Forgotten, forming a
  camp just outside of Lucy's Orchards. After a few more rounds of local ale,
  the mighty adventurers and their badger were brave enough to venture into
  'Ye Olde Mines'.

##"It's dark in here"
  Party navigated to mine complex 'C' from where they thought the forgotten had
  originated. Adventurers carefully ventured forward into the darkness. Then
  they remembered that they know about a technological achievement called
  'fire'. From that point the adventurers carefully ventured forward into dimly
  lit darkness. On their way they scavenged an old lamp full of oil and merrily
  continued their path into a better lit darkness. Tunnel ended in a spiral ramp
  along a side of huge underground cavern. Cavern was too deep to see its bottom
  from the top, where the adventurers stood. Party continued along the mining
  cart rails, spiraling and descending. Soon they noticed the exit from the pit,
  at the very bottom. There was a dim blueish light coming out of the adit to
  deeper mines. A loudening monotonic noise came from that direction, so
  adventurers dimmed their lights and sneaked into the light. At tunnel fork
  they had three choices, middle tunnel was wide and lit by blueish light.
  Both left and right tunnels were smaller and dark. Adventurers bravely went
  directly to the source of the light and sound. The light seeped into the
  tunnel through a huge crack in the right wall. The sound appeared to be
  a huge creature moving back and forth behind the crack, covering the light
  with its dark figure. For some unknown reason Tyla Nuttela aimed at the
  creature through the crack and released an arrow before the party decided on
  anything better. Frustrated roar came out from the other side and a furious
  eye stared through the crack. Raging beast started smashing the crack with
  all its might, trembling the tunnel and cracking stones off the sides of the
  crack. Party quickly fled the tunnel as the creature continued slamming its
  way out through the crack. As adventurers regrouped in the bottom of the
  cavern, trembling sound confirmed that the creature is free and started
  raging towards the puny humans (and orc) who have disturbed its peace.
  Tyla, now holding the lantern climbed slightly upwards the slope and prepared
  for the fight. Orc bravely stood his ground and readied his ax, while Garret
  Thunder unsheathed his katana and prepared to leap on the creature.
  As the creature entered the dimly lit cavern, adventurers identified it as a
  battle ready ogre. It had pieces of metal armor strapped on various locations
  of its body, none of which could provide any armor due to their condition.
  At this moment Tyla extinguished the lantern, leaving the cavern in brief
  darkness as the ogre covered nearly all the light coming from the tunnel.
  Ogre attacked the first shiny metal target it could find -- the orc. Orc
  dodged by leaping sideways, letting the ogre slam its pretty face into hard
  rock wall behind. Both Tyla and Garret had to dodge the incoming meat
  mountain, since they stood somewhere behind the orc. After the dust from
  the impact settled and Tyla could orient herself, she saw as Garret smashed
  the lantern into the ogre's shoulder, covering it with oil. Orc took his
  chance and started chopping at the left leg of the ogre while all its rage
  was focused on Garret. Few flaming arrows flew past the ogre as Garret was
  chopping huge belly and dodging enormous fists. Unfortunately Garret's
  luck ran out as he stumbled and received a full blow to his chest which
  threw him off the mine-cart tracks into a dark corner of the cavern.
  Orc was nearly done with the leg as the ogre turned around and gracefully
  fell down a little rock step, finally breaking its left leg in the process.
  Orc chopped at the ogre some more, but the final blow was delivered by
  raging Thunder, who split the ogre's skull with a leap and slash from above.

  After the battle has ended, badger shown that there are some shiny stones in
  the belly of the beast, which quickly ended in the bag together with the
  badger. The trio quickly looked around the little room behind the crack
  and found only a shining hovering blue artifact in the middle. It released
  a flashy wave and stopped shining and hovering on human touch. Party packed
  everything and hurried back to heal their injured member.


