#Buzzard, the Hermit

...

Buzzard still remembers the day he left for a hunt eight years ago. His wife
was tanning leather from the last run and his two young sons were playing on
the porch. It was a cloudy day, not too windy, not too damp. He felt that he
will be bringing home that large moose he noticed several weeks ago. Buzzard
met up with other hunters on the edge of village and rode south. While the hunt
almost faded from his mind, view, which he saw when they returned will haunt
him for the rest of his life. The village was dead silent. Smoke was still
raising from the chimneys. Door of nearby house had been broken down. Buzzard
felt that something terrible had happened. Without looking around he rushed to
his house, which stood at the northern end of the village. He jumped through a
broken door, his house was a mess. A distinct smell of blood hit his nostrils.
A body of a boy laid still in a puddle of blood. Without a second glance he
knew that was his youngest son. With tears rushing though his face he called
out for his wife and his other son. Yet only silence answered. He searched the
whole house in vain, his beloved family has been taken away from him.

...

He could not bear the life in the house where everything reminded Buzzard of
his wife Shikra and his boys Kite and Koel. So he left. Left his friends, his
hunter palls, his acquaintances. He found peace in the wilderness. But after
years and years of wandering he felt a need of a connection. Buzzard went on
by visiting village by village. Sometimes helping local hunters with tracking,
sometimes telling stories of the forest, sometimes simply selling wooden
sculptures of his own making. But then he heard rumours of slaughters
happening in far south. He realised that he ran away from his fears for far too
long. Now it was his time to protect others from his fate.
