#Story of Achiles

Born in a family of seven, in a small town near the Valgart river. From the
earliest days he helped his father and elder brothers to catch fish in the wide
stream of Valgart.

Unfortunately when he was just twelve years old, an orc raiding party attacked
the town. He, and few of his kin were taken back to Ro'Kgar as pet hostages.
Sisters were forced to serve as sex slaves for orc herders and he had to fight
in human brawls for orcish entertainment. His first fight in the ring was
against his eldest brother. The bloody pit echoed from the shouts of orc crowd,
slave masters were scourging humans to fight, his sword clashed with Leonidas'.
Fear and pain triggered something in Achiles, he vaguely remembers the fight,
but he clearly remembers his brothers last look, as he struck his sword to his
chest.

He fought for his life for the next few years, claiming victory after victory.
Then he was noticed by a noble servant from the city of Silderbay. He was
bought and transported to the orcish capital. His life as a gladiator went by.
Skill, rage and sometimes sheer luck kept him alive during countless battles.
He grew stronger with every passing month, until one day a local dispute
between orc nobility ended up in bloodshed straight in the streets of
Silderbay. He noticed an opening and broke free from the arena. He ran through
the night, without turning back. As the Su peaked over the Strait of Pugrrgar,
Achiles collapsed in the tall yellow grass. When he woke up, he found himself
on a grassy hillside. Far to the east, the Shardtooth sea was glimmering in the
evening light, lights or orcish villages were shimmering near the coast. Far to
the south a snow covered mountain range was casting a large shadow. West sprung
an unwelcoming marshland, which he knew from scary stories his town elder used
to tell. Hated city of Silderbay was left in the north. Considering his state,
he took shelter deep in the mountains, fighting for survival in unfamiliar
terrain.

Few years passed, until Achiles gathered courage to return to Ironfire. He
visited the ruins of his birthplace, wept on his mothers grave, then turned his
sight to Fort Horth. He knew nothing more than fighting, so he thought to live
by the sword, and maybe in this way he could find redemption.
