Episode 2
========
On the path to Hindar
--------

### Day one ###

The donkey calmly stood as I sat on it, waiting for my entourage to assemble. The rendezvous was supposed to be at the gate of the town. Hindar - my destination. I gazed at the rag-tag bunch of mercenaries who were tasked with protecting me. Apart from the young archer girl and the burly tribal, I was rather unimpressed with their roster. A swashbuckler with a rather daft look on his face, a short fellow that looked like a small time crook, an axeman with a crazy glint in his eye and a forest dweller who hasn't seen a warm bath in ages, it seems. And these... "People" were supposed to escort me and the all important artifact to the town of three wines? Safely? I could only hope and pray. There was no other way. No other way, but forward.

With little ado, we started along the path of our journey. The Swashbuckler, named Firedoor or Fulgor, or whatever his name was, decided to inquire the Archer about the dangers that lay ahead, since she revealed that the region we started out from was a well-traveled and known land to her. Upon prompting the rest of my entourage to a crossing which was not too far up the trail we were on, the Forester, Rye-wolf or something to that effect, decided to scout ahead, probably because his rags blended in rather well with the greenery.  However, he requested that we approach the crossroads at a slower pace, which vexed me to no end. However, his caution was not ill conceived as I would find out soon enough.

The Tribal, with a name that sounded like owls hooting at midnight, decided to leave us as well. Presumably to scout an alternate path. He was swiftly gone, which, I must admit, was rather odd, for such a large man to disappear so swiftly is quite unusual. In addition, this continued trend of disconnection from the group leaving me with less and less protection, left me with stark concerns for my safety.

With the Forester and the Tribal out of sight and we were approaching the crossroads, that lay in a small valley. There were two large boulders right next to to the crossing, and, as soon as we approached, three men stepped into the path, barring our way. Again, my irritation knew no bounds as these trivial delays kept pestering me and keeping, both, me and my entourage, from continuing on with our mission.

The Swashbuckler and the Axeman approached them ready to defend, while the young Archer girl stood with her bow drawn and arrow ready, my safety trusted to the Crook, who, even in my eyes, seemed of rather poor health at the time. I inquired about the hold up but was summarily silenced by the Archer. My ears could not catch the topic of conversation, but it appeared as if the men in front of us asked us to pay a toll for using the crossroads. I had money to spare as money was of little importance - time was. Before we could even begin this transaction the speaker of the trio emitted a gargling noise and swiftly succumbed to the ground. Dead, as far as I could tell.

Immediately, all hell broke loose. There were other men coming from behind the rocks, arrows falling left and right and tortured screams as blade and bone collided. Betwixt this chaos I could see the Swashbuckler caving in heads with his club, the lady Archer, Bona was her name, I think , with her hands in constant motion, raining down arrows on the archers in the tree line, and the crazy Axeman, whose name was so outlandish, that I have not even a shadow of a chance in pronouncing it, kept cleaving those who, although disabled by the Swashbuckler,  still managed to breathe life.

The Crook, whose name I remembered as McRuk, because it rhymed perfectly with "crook", was "guarding" me, while standing rather unperturbed by the goings on, smoking tobacco, of all things. If this is his idea of protection, I figured I’d be better off walking to Hindar myself.

Surprisingly enough, the Tribal returned. Perhaps that is an understatement... This bear of a man came RUNNING into the fight at such speed that Falcons themselves could hardly muster. Speed only powerful magic can provide. He wielded a staff, which, to me, seemed unremarkable at first, but now glowed with a blue aura, proving, that the Tribal was indeed using magic. A few swift blows and the remaining assailants were out of the fight for good.

The archers in the tree line were dead, the raiders were dead, the speaker was dead with his neck vertebrae impaled and sticking out on the head of an arrow... Soon enough the Forester appeared from the woods, walking up to the speaker and pulling the arrow clean through the hole in the dead man's throat and casually picking off the vertebrae off the arrow head.  A cold-hearted man, indeed.

Other ones were looting the corpses as well and although I asked them to stop as it distracts us from our journey, they continued doing so. I was about to begin screaming at them, but before I could start my rant, the Forester asked me if I could perform a short ceremony for the fallen as he organizes a small detail to bury the bodies of the raiders. A dignifying gesture for which I was unprepared for. At least not one coming from a band of mercenaries such as these. I agreed and number of graves were dug for the bodies. I prayed for the wicked souls and asked them to be forgiven. The mercenaries thanked me. Apparently, I was a little quick in taking premature judgments with the band. Although the McRuk character still looked shady in my eyes.

We pressed on and happened upon a camp, which, presumably, was where the bandits made their beds between raiding travelers at the crossing. The band decided to settle here for the night. A fire was started, a doe shot by the Archer, stripped and cooked by the Forester. As we sat around the fire, waiting for broth to dine on, I revealed them the purpose of my travel. Told them about the demons, those that possess wild life and extort them for self gain, their objective a mystery. I could tell that I spoke rather vividly as those who listened coiled in fear, trembling slightly. Only the Tribal and the Forester sat calm as they listened, eyes fixed on the fire and the broth.

As we bunked for the night, the mercenaries started their sentry. The Forester and the Crook disappeared into the woods. They mentioned that they would lay traps, so if something is to happen we are to keep to the camp, as for not to trip them. The Swashbuckler and the Tribal sat watch at the fire, while the Archer lady, Bona, and the boisterous Axeman retired to their respective tents to rest. I followed suit, resting my tired head on folded cloth for a pillow. I woke up to the sounds of panic outside the tent, yet I must've overslept a bit, because the panic came mostly from Bona squeaking in disgust as the Tribal dragged an over-sized rat-like demon spawn out of the woods. Before I could even open my mouth, the Forester began skinning the accursed thing, and with some difficulty, removed all talons, teeth and metallic-looking skin from the creature. The Tribal insisted in keeping the poisonous glands of the beast, to which the Forester was completely unopposed to. Naturally enough, the forest dweller asked the Tribal if the meat of this creature was fit to eat. In all seriousness, one must be quite the lunatic to even consider consuming cursed flesh.
