# The list of NPCs

### Shaken Egg Inn owners:
  * Martha Bludgad (*Grandma*) - the real owner of the establishment
  * Helena Redwood (*granddaughter*) - A witty and quick girl who both serves
  drinks at the bar and takes care of whole dinner hall
  * Elzevier Redwood (*grandson*) - The oaf. Big, dumb and attached to Helena
  as a dog. Will do anything she wants.

### Relatives:
  * Rupert Redwood - Uncle. He is veteran of numerous wars. He was not in
  Rivermeet for 20 years, but came back 3 years ago. He lost an left eye and
  left palm in battle. Now he works in prison and spends evenings in Shaken Egg
  Inn drinking on the house.
  * Mona Redwood - Rupert's wife
  * Martin *Black* Redwood - Rupert's brother. He was soldier also, but he did
  not serve with Rupert. People speak that he served in secret police. He came
  back just recently but already manage to earn some reputation in shadier
  levels of Shambles. He is reclusive and never comes to Shaken Egg Inn, At least
  nobody saw him using the front door.


### Officers of Shambles district:
  * Gary - The sergeant of guard. He was caught cheating in card game when
  playing with captain and not long after promoted to this position. He (and
  everybody else in city guard) sees it as punishment. For as long as captain
  is alive, Gary can't hope for promotion.
  * Sunshine - the executioner of Rivermeet. She lives in Shambles, as she was
  heard saying herself, she prefers to live next to her customers. She weights
  160 pound and always wears guard uniform. No one can tell where she got her
  name, but its definitely not because of her character. Most inhabitants of
  Shambles would rather be hung hang then spend an evening drinking beer with her.
  * Two Bolts - a veteran soldier who spends his old days in Shaken Egg Inn. He
  gets drink and eat for free, for Grandma likes him. He does not eat or drink
  a lot though. He gets a small salary from city guard as a stationary guard of
  Shaken Egg Inn.

### Some Other folks:
  * Ulma, the witch - brews remedies of all sorts. People say that she is quite
  an expert in potent poisons, but you'd rather not get caught by city guard
  with those.
  * Aiva, the witch apprentice - stageringly beautiful yet reluctant to talk,
  she usualy wanders alone around Rivermeet. Rumours fly that people go missing
  if they try to harm the girl in any way and some say she is mute. Anyhow,
  most of Shambles quietly ignore her and only newcomers try speaking with her.
  * Suran - A grain distributor
  * Henry - poor fisherman with golden ring

### And Some underworld fellas:
  * Verona - the leader of the gang that runs the Shambles.
  * Ricky - next Sunshine's customer.

#Core elements
##Quosan
Artificialy derived life form, with one purpose embeded in initial DNA coding:
_selective extermination_

  ...

  -"Sky is bleeding, young keeper. Embark to embrace the gift from the gods."

  Young girl bows to the old figure.

  -"I surrender myself to the gods."

  ...

On landing on Raagna seed of Quosan slumbered until a suitable lifeform
approached. As a passing critter jumped from the cold rock which kept the seed
safe through the cosmos, Quosan was already slowly corrupting it from inside.
Without advanced mental capacities the creature was fully integrated as a host
in a few hours. In a few days Quosan spread to the whole sand lizzard colony.
At this point Quosan needed to find more versatile host to travel larger
distances and to have more resistant shell against volatile outside world.
First there was a dying stray coyote. Then a pair of griffons. Then something
strange happened. A humanoid approached the seed container. Quosan took the
chance and hooked the seed to the humanoid. DNA programing kicked in. Quosan
expected mental resistance and was prepared to release toxins to bloodstream,
but nothing like that happened. Instead humanoid mentaly expressed a feeling
of gratitude. Unfortunately surprise was not an emotion in which Quosan was
trained. Having decided that this humanoid vessel is sturdy enough to
withstand all existing seed Quosan pumped the remaining parts of the colony
into the bloodstream of the girl we will later know as Red Mother.

But this initial encounter left a tiny seed of doubt in Quosan...

##The spark of cultists

Cultists are blamed for spreading this mystery plague in Twinkle. PC's are
given a task to root out any potential cultists in a city which is part of main
resupply chain for army which is fighting against infected.

Final scene should involve cultists hanging by their necks (successfully
completed direct order) and Magister Ares retreating with the final broken
remnants of human armies through the same city (overall situation on the global
scale is worse).

##Hope from the swamp

In this desperate moment, an orc shaman comes forth with a vision. He tells
that we must ask help from The Mother to face the Red Plague. A pack of NPC's
are dispatched together with PC's. While sneaking through enemy territory, some
or all characters are contracted with Quosan. Internal conflicts burst out, as
none can be trusted. Expected that many die while traveling. At least one
infected must reach the safe heaven of Garden. Within that underground city, a
mental battle takes place. Gaana confronts Quosan. PC's are placed in the same
mental realm and have power over the final decision.
