### High level plan for session II ###

## Part I. Arrival to Fort Horth ##

Party arrives to Fort Horth. Considering that there are two undeads the guards
reaction should be non-trivial. After long discussion at the gates, and maybe
arms rattling, the treasurer (currently the highest ranked officer in the fort)
of Fort Horth is called. He has heard something about the plans to recruit lich
so he allows the party to rest. After few hours he also remebers that he was
told to redirect all available soldiers to Bardhof.

Lich Kalduk spends all this time in a library. If party approaches him he
states that he got the information about the war and next thing he needs is an
army. He will go to old battleground and will raise an army there. He will
refuse to take party with him.

## Part II. Journey to Bardhof ##

Journey to Bardhof is uneventful if undead figured that he need to hide his
appearance.

In case he did not some of these events might happen to spice up the journey:
  * Taverns refuse to take anyone from the party
  * A group of knights demands the skeleton killed
  * Deserters attack the party when they are sleeping in tents

And here are some events that can create the mood of unknown:
  * Few days left until Bardhof party runs in group of refugees.
  * Injured soldier collapses on a road. Two dwarfs (travelling to Bardhof's
    beer fest) are trying to help him out
  * Deserters ambushes the party

## Part III. Arrival at Bardhof ##

Party arrives at Bardhof. The first thing they see is dozen tents outside city
with exhausted refugees near them. Grumbling city guards allow them to city
(hopefully at this point skeleton covered himself) Streets are full. There are
refugees everywhere and city guards are not allowing any new to enter.

Party reports to city guard commander. They are given bunk beds in millitia
barracks and a job to patrol a city streets. Also they get some identification
to show that their are working as officials. They have to report once a day.
And they have to do their job :)

## Part IV. Stay at Bardhow ##

As they patrol the streets or spend their time in the inn these things can happen:
  * Random events are in ./events.md

A flu epidemics starts in the city. This time it's really severe and people can
be identified by red eyes only few days after contracting the disease. At the
same time the refugees tell about a sickness that is transforming the people in
the south. They say that this sickness is the cause of the war, though none can
describe how.

As the tension in the city rises because of all the refugees, people start
blaming local healers for not preventing the flu. Then a rumour appears that
red eyes is also the symptom of the mysterious killing disease that these
refugees are running from.

A panic grips the city and this time a refugee healer is lynched by a mob of
angry peasants (they though that the healer actually brought the disease  and
that he intended everyone in the city to die). The participants are rounded up
and imprisoned but tension in city rises even more. Now other healers are also
blamed for the disease.

An alchemist is the next target, A huge mob of people gather at the city guard
office and require that she would be trialled. There are both citizens and
refugees in the mob.

## Part V. Epilogue ##
