#Scene description
##Location
Undefined location with a crossroad. May appear as necessary for the GMs.

##Setup

You stopped at a crossroad next to a nearly decomposed observation tower. You
were trying to make out something out from faded labels on a rotter signpost
when your ears caught a familiar sound. It was a mountain spring gushing over
nearby rocks. Suddenly you felt unquenchable thirst and rushed to the brook.
You satisfied your throat and as you were standing up you noticed an ages old
shrine for some forgotten god at the other side of the clearing.

As you came closer to the overgrown shrine you realized that two men were
waiting for something at the cracked stairs. The first of them appeared to be
old as time itself. Deep wrinkles covered every visible patch of skin, from
completely bald head to his hands and feet in sandals. Extremely long and thick
white beard covered his mouth and most of his upper body and a matching set of
lush eyebrows protected black weary eyes, which were closely following you
as you approached. The old man was sitting on the steps, keeping his both hands
on an ancient wooden staff, stretching his tired muscles.

The other figure, visually much younger, stood leaning against a pillar a
little further. He was holding a little black leather book and lifted his eyes
at you only when you approached. You immediately noticed something peculiar
about his face: you were unable to tell a single feature the face had. Each
time you tried to grasp the color of his eyes, the position of his eyebrows or
even the brute existence of his nose or lips your mind just slipped away. But
overall the face felt very familiar. Like it would have belonged to someone you
knew deeply.

-"Your passage was light, but nevermore."

These words coming from gray bearded man's lips sounded more like an advice,
than a threat. For some reason you felt like it is expected from an old man,
sitting near an abandoned shrine, to start giving life lessons for a youngster
he just met.

-"And you shall too soon be nevermore among us. You are on a perilous quest.
You seek greatness. But you forget. Forget that one slip in the path of life,
one mistake in judgement or a simple misfortune is all that takes for you to
end up in a nameless grave."

Dark figure mockingly added:

-"You should be happy if you get a grave. More likely your flesh will become a
feast for vultures and your bones will rot under the soil which soaked
remnants of your blood."

After a moment of silence old man continued:

-"Remember what you see or hear or read. For knowledge will be your only
guardian against the inevitable. As the old saying goes: 'The one who forgets
is destined to be forgotten as the one who lives by the axe is destined to
die from one'."

Hearing an ancient dweller cite something 'old' made you feel extremely
inexperienced. Luckily dark figure noticed your discomfort and tried to help:

-"Don't take it so hard. Just note that life was given to you. If you screw up,
it will be taken back without a doubt nor a consolation prize."

Briefly the figure added:

-"Oh, and be careful for there will be traps. At times, when things look easy,
I will be looking just over your shoulder. You never know when a deadly trap
will spring."

Shivers went up your spine as you realised Death just gave you an advice on
common sense. You turned your eyes to the stairs where you expected to see
soothing eyes of old Time, yet only a bark from an old tree remained. Voice
echoed in the clearing:

-"Fare thee well, until your life expires."

You walked and picked up the bark. There were some words etched into the inner
side. "I hope you know how to read" - Death mocked you before disappearing.
