#Day before departure

_NPC_

Timmy, the silent: Young male, slighly tanned, dark haired, with brown eyes.
Has a distinguishing nose and is reluctant to speak. He is very cheerful and
chatty when drunk though.

_Player characters and Timmy are gathered on training grounds and are sparring
among each other. Ranged fighters (if any) are shooting at hay targets._

Light rain is falling from gray sky. The mood of the new recruits is grumpy, as
all of them would rather sit in a warm inn and enjoy some local brew instead of
getting beat up by trainer in a yard that during last few days became a large
pool of mud.

_Players are taken to turn by turn combat explanation_

During their second round war drums start beating. A messenger relays some
orders to the old trainer. He instructs all six characters (including Timmy) to
get some rest and return with raising Su prepared to travel north.

#Day of departure

Player characters assemble from their quarters with the first rays from Su.
Timmy is missing. Chief of Guard is displeased by this disappearance, yet he
can't go searching for a single idiot. He states that he will be scourged for
such insolence. Moments later a mounted escort stops by the training grounds,
where five recruits are in order. A tall figure jumps of the first horse,
quickly followed by a heavily armoured knight descending from his mount. Tall
figure rests its hand on an axe lively swinging by the right hip. As it stops
in front of the new recruits, the hood falls back revealing a thick brown braid
and a female face.

-"Which of you is the leader?" - she asks in firm voice.

_A leader is revealed_

-"Your duty is to deliver this letter," - she hands a plain envelope - "to the
Lich Kalduk. His tower is north-east from here. About a week ride."

She turns around and walks back to her horse. As she passes heavy armored
knight which was trying to keep up with her, she stops for a brief moment.

Her eyes skim over the assembled recruits. Suddenly a glimpse of worry goes
through her face.

-"You _must_ deliver the letter, no matter the cost." - she turns around, hops
on the horse and looks at the slow knight with impatience.

The knight caught by embarrassment in vulgar language informs the recruits
that failure will be punished by death and rushes back on his steed.
