
...

Murrin was cleaning the blood of the foremost table.

-"For a bloke that skinny, you would not expect to bleed that much. Heh, if not
for Yulye's loving grip, he would have seen his end in this place."

He spilled some water from the bucket on the dark floor and froze for a second.

-"That bastard will have to clean this whole place when he returns. Nobody
bleeds that much and expects me not to be pissed about it."

He continued moping grouchily mumbling to his beard.

Yulye came in through the kitchen door. Her apron was covered in blood and
dirt. Her face was shining with a bright smile. She was carrying a huge pot in
one hand and a barrel of ale under the second. She landed the pot on a table
with three shady figures around. She took four spoons out of her aprons pocket
and placed next to the pot. She rumbled in her sweet voice "Mugs up, boys!" and
poured ale from the 20 pound barrel like from a tiny horn.

If not for the "blood fountain" Timmy (yeah, he got that nickname from this
very evening) the evening appeared to be peaceful, if any evening in "The
Splinter" can be called peaceful. Or so Murrin thought.

Just after he finished clearing watery blood puddles and returned behind the
bar to serve ale and stronger beer to his 'valued' customers, a shady figure
entered. Large cloaked man-like-figure approached Murrin and asked for a mug of
ale, a bowl of milk and some nuts. Murrin lifted his whole eyebrow in response
to this order. For those who are unfamiliar with Murrin's ignorance, these are
the events upon which Murrin raised his eyebrow:

 * Yulye hug-crushed a wild boar she bare handedly caught in the forest, since
   she found that swine irresistible.
 * Elena slaughtered a band of local thugs over an insult to her dagger. Note
   that the eyebrow meant 'who the hell is going to clean this mess', not some
   other emotion.
 * A fire mage summoned elemental demon while trying to impress a local girl
   with his "magery-shmagery". Noteworthy is the fact that the demon fried the
   mage AND the girl at the very second of appearance.

Now at this particular time, Murrin was simply amused, since he never seen a
fight in "The Splinter" over a bowl of milk. And as far as the evening was
turning he felt that a fight will burst out any minute. He quietly turned
around to fill a mug with ale. When he turned back, two 'locals' were already
picking on the newcomer. Murrin suddenly remembered Timmy and his blood bath:

-"Fellas, would you mind taking this 'talk' outside? I would appreciate clean
bloodless floor for a couple more minutes."

Dark figure seemed not bothered at all by two large men talking to him. He
carefully placed his bag on the counter.

-"Maybe you can warm the milk? It is still a baby."

Yulye, who was just standing next to them disappeared into the kitchen. While
the two locals felt strongly disregarded.

-"Are you deaf!? You want to die so badly, huh?"

Yet large ork (Murrin figured that out by his large and crude dark hands) was
completely focused on the bag. With great care he untied it. A small black
furry nose peeked out. Yulye came back with a tiny bowl of milk and another
bowl of best nuts. She carefully placed both in front of the bag and stood
observing the opening with clearly visible excitement and curiosity. And by
that moment, soon to be one-armed Jim made his mistake. Jim was pissed that
newcomer pays no attention to his words and decided that smashing the bag would
get him his desired attention. Murrin has seen some agile fighters, heh, he
watches Yulye playing with bears in the forest, but the speed and precision of
ork's hand surprised even him. Jim's hand was caught mid flight in the steel
grip of the caring ork. From the face of Jim, you could tell that he realised
making a costly mistake, but it was by far too late. His arm made a cracking
noise. Ork released the arm and part of it swayed downwards. Jim was about to
scream in pain, as ork turned his cloaked head and placed a finger near his
lips. At that moment deadly silence fell in The Splinter. Only to be disturbed
by Jim, who passed out from pain and dropped to the floor like a sack of wet
fish. Fishy sound originated from puddles on the floor, which had not yet
dried from Murrin's cleaning.

Chairs dropped and the poor creature hid back into the bag. Yulye looked ork
into the eye and without any words gently took the bag together with the milk
and nuts and disappeared into the kitchen. Ork sighted and quickly drank his
ale, before turning around and uncovering his scarred scalp.

Murrin took his famous hand cannon from under the table:

-"Gents, in orderly fashion walk through the door and continue in the street.
I ain't cleaning again today."

...
