_475-12-03_

...

Annoying rain was dripping from the gray sky for the second day when Ares
finally reached Forth Horth. She dismounted at the stables, grabbed her bag and
rushed to the administration quarters. Inner gate guards saluted her. "At least
this time they are expecting me", she thought to herself. Previous visits to
this military fortification had not been without incidents, as University of
Archipelago has little to no power over the Blacksteel order - the current
occupants of the Fort Horth. "Apparently only a godly punishment unleashed on
the land can make these arrogant black cans of stolen steel at least somewhat
mannered." Ares smiled to herself as she rushed through the narrow staircases
of the keep.  "Well lets see if they at least can provide me with some good
news regarding this mess".

...

-"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU SENT HIM ALONE???"

-"Majester Ares, we had no men to spare. We are spread thin as southern
provinces are under constant siege by --"

-"WILHELM, FOR FIERY GOBLINS ARSE, I KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THE SOUTH!!!"

After this outburst she spent few seconds to collect herself and continued with
a much calmer manner.

-"We sent the messenger four weeks ago JUST FOR THAT REASON!!! He carried all
required papers to get all the help he would need from you."

Wizardess stared into Sir Wilhelm's remaining eye.

-"What were you thinking when sending a lone unguarded apprentice to deliver
the message?"

She mumbles in a lower voice:

-"No wonder we had received nothing from him. As far as we now know he is dead
somewhere in the dark forests of K'Gar."

Ares looks through the office window into the rain, which drenched her tired
body for the last few days.

-"That leaves me no choice, Wilhelm. Get me a horse and --"

A young soldier, apparently just a squire by his insignia, crashes through the
office door. He is catching his breath and from the amount of dust on his
apparel you may guess he had galloped from afar, probably changing his horse
several times. Without any official greetings he crams a letter into the hands
of Grand Knight and leans to the wall to regain his breath. Sir Wilhelm opens
the letter and stands motionless for a brief moment. His large face turns
completely pale. He signals the squire to leave then turns to Ares as the door
closes.

-"Twinkle has fallen."

Grim silence falls in the room as both understand the weight of these news. A
moment later the Blacksteel commander in quiet, resolute voice states an
uncomfortable truth:

-"Majester Ares, we can't have you riding north for a vague hope of reaching
some help from a lich that was presumed dead centuries ago. Tomorrow every man
and woman from this fort will march south to meet the incoming army.  And we
both know that without your help we have no chance."

Ares stood for a brief moment.

-"I will inform Archipelago about the turn of events. I understand that my help
is crucial to hold this invasion, but you must understand the dire situation we
are in is no longer manageable by our armies alone. Without the help from 'a
long dead lich', as you said, we have little hope."

Wilhelm was evaluating the situation while looking at the woman in front of
him. Age was showing its silvery marks in her thick brown braid arching over
her left shoulder, wrinkles around her eyes were remnants of tough decisions
she had made in the past, but her posture was still strong and lively. Grand
Knight silently hoped that she was right about the lich.

-"We have a bunch of new recruits that came in over the past few weeks. We can
dispose, I mean, send them to deliver your message. All remaining men will
march south."

-"I expect to see those 'fresh recruits' first thing in the morning."

Ares turned around and left the room in a hurry. The loss of Twinkle is going
to have severe consequences: both for their plans and for soldier morale. She
searched her memory for the last time she visited the southern gem of Ironfire.
Pitch black stone walls filled her mind. Twinkle, the impenetrable keep, which
had held against countless onslaughts, one of major cities and military
centers, the heart of Blacksteel order... Ares tried to imagine what could have
happened to put _that_ fortress to it's knees. As she reached inner courtyard
her thoughts were interrupted by the drums of war which have already started
calling soldiers for tomorrows march.

...
