
...

My ship anchored in the shallow docs. There was a lot of other ships docked
around. Most of them were merchant barges, taking various merchandise along the
Swaymist river. Some were fisherman boats which have returned from the river
already. I noticed some shallow water military galleys too. As I stepped out on
the ground, Su was in the highest point. It was always nice to visit the market
of Rivermeet. It was lively and full of action, not to mention that it had the
freshest fruits and lots of fine meat for sale. The fishmongers could not
compare to the ones in Silder Bay, but nontheless their wares were fresh and
their barter was fine. Most of the stalls here were used by local farmers,
though. This particular feat made the market a perfect place for merchants of
all sorts to test their bartering skills and strike some decent deals before
sailing downstream. Heh, even I gained my first proper coins by buying apples
from this area and selling it to orcs in the Silder Bay.

Captured by my memories I zoomed through the market and ended up at the main
gate to the keep of Rivermeet. The gates are so wide that two wagons may pass
on each side unhindered, with plenty of space left for pedestrians. Once I
wondered if the gates that wide would hold against an army, as these gates are
rarely closed on normal days. Yet once I was in this town when orc raiding
party was nearby. To my surprise there is a hidden pure metal column, which
drops from above and acts as a support for large hardened wooden gates which
slide from both sides. As expected these gates were designed and built by the
best smiths and carpenters of Ironfire itself. When the gates were closed, I
could not imagine anything that could breach through them. Even the largest
ogres seemed weak to this construction.

Inside of the keep has it's perks too. For example, after you cross the gates,
you end up in a large spacious tunnel, made from overlapping structures. There
are some holes in the ceiling, through which the sky is showing, but overall
the whole passageway up to the inner courtyard is completely under a solid
stonework. As I assume from the different masonry, the tunnel expanded during
years, as each new building extended the covered road by a little part. As far
as I know, having a place in the Keep is the most pure expression of wealth in
this town. So no wonder that there are no exits from the tunnel. No 'wealthy'
householder wants people wandering through their property. Surprisingly even on
hot days, with all the traffic through the tunnel, it remains clean and almost
stench free. I've heard there are extensive severs under the keep and the upper
parts of the town, yet I have never seen them, nor I would like to do that.

I have reached the courtyard when Un has taken Su's place in the heavens. Now I
focused on the reason why I am here in the first place. Rumours reached my ears
about a piece of Madman's siege engine, which presumably was destroyed during
the last siege of Silder Bay. I expect that someone near the Black Gate should
know more about this item I wish to acquire.

