# The Dark Tower

Legend tells about a powerful lich residing in the dark pine woods northwest
from Fort Horth, at least a week away from lake Kagar. Many brave (and stupid)
souls have lost their lives on the vague stories about the riches kept in the
Dark Tower of the Lich Kalduk.

  _players are given a quest for reaching out Lich Kalduk_

#### Surrounding Forest
_475-12-10_

Adventurers had to turn away from traveled roads several days ago and journey
in uncharted wilderness. Old forest, which kept their company for a while now,
grew darker and darker with every step. Eventually corruption stripped life from
once strong trees, leaving the pitch black trunks standing motionless in dead
silence. Undergrowth became soggy, feet sank into unwelcoming ground. Fallen
branches were piling on the ground, occasionally grasping adventurers by their
ankles. Cold mist crept forward to meet the travellers.

They noticed fresh tracks of a mounted rider. Trail ended at disemboweled
remains of a horse. Carcass was ice cold, yet it showed no sign of decay,
which suggested that this death was fairly recent. Suddenly one of the party
members noticed: there are no flies around. Forest was breathless. Silence was
so thick and intense, that ears started ringing.

Travelers unsheathed their weapons and slowly crept forward. Each step they
made echoed among the trees like a twisted and cold heartbeat. The rider was
hanging impaled on a nearby branch. Blood was still dripping from the leg and
inaudibly sinking to insatiable forest floor.

  _combat engagement with bone fiend_

Adrenaline rushed through their veins after the final blow was struck to the
bone abomination. They felt more and more unease in the stillness of the
forest. Fearing the fate similar to the unlucky traveler they quickened their
pace. Flinching to every sound they advanced towards their grim objective - the
dark tower, ominously rising above trees.

  _optional search of the dead body_

  Young man is wearing a robe, with an emblem of some sort (knowledge roll
  reveals that this man is a member of University of Archipelago). Nearby a
  short rune encrusted sword is stuck in a trump. Sheathe of the same sword is
  lying near the fallen horse. On the corpse party will find a satchel of coins
  (10x2d + 2d) and a closed letter, stamped with red wax (knowledge roll
  reveals that stamp belongs to Archmage of Archipelago). Horse had some water
  and food stored for a lengthy journey.

#### The Tower

The forest ended as if it was cut down in precise circle around the tower.
Structure itself spiked from the ground at least 15 meters towards grim, cloud
filled sky. Even though it was noon, Su and Un were shy to give at least one
ray of hope to this forsaken structure. Or maybe the tower itself was not fond
of sunlight and blocked the stars with thick layer of clouds.

Atmosphere around was grim, but the tower was truly magnificent. Dark brick
walls were straight and appeared strong, parapets on each level were decorated
with various engravings, bartizans on the top level held gargoyles with wings
widely spread apart (sculptures seemed very much alive, even though everyone
silently hoped they are firmly set in stone), arrowslits on second and third
levels flickered with yellowish light coming from inside.

The feeling of being watched kept the company of travelers for quite some time.
But complete lack of cover in this clearing dramatically amplified the tension.
Circling around the tower they noticed an entrance. Large ironclad gate,
guarded by two fully armored figures. Guards stood completely still, but even
without motion they raised terror in the souls of incomers. Their armor was
dark and menacing. With protruding spikes and finely crafted skulls instead of
shoulders. Guards had no helms. Snow white skulls were watching the approaching
party from empty eye sockets.

  _encounter with tower guards_

  The guards are not showing any signs of active aggression. They are simply
  staring at the party with their empty gazes. If any of the party members
  show signs of aggression, i.e. a drawn weapon or foul mouths the guards,
  guards react with open combat. If party decides to talk their way into the
  tower, guards ask only a single question:

  -"Tribute, offering or sacrifice?"

  Players are forced to chose one of the above options. After the choice is
  made, the doors to the tower are opened.


#### First floor

Gate led to a long archway which ended with a heavy wooden door. Pulling the
door open adventurers ended up in dimly lit storeroom full of crates and
barrels. If not for the magical yellowish torches by the round wall, this seemed
just like any other storeroom in a fortified tower. To the left directly next
to the entrance an archway led to ascending stairs.

  Crates held all sorts of bones and skeletal parts, some crates were fully
  loaded with simple swords, bows, maces, some were filled with rusty or worn
  armor. Barrels contained something similar to tar. Near the walls armor
  stands held tougher armor, similar to the one worn by tower guards. Larger
  weapons hung on weapon racks. Nothing out of high value is stored here.

  On better inspection (roll of perception) a hidden door can be found directly
  opposite from open stairway. Another set of stairs ascend behind.

#### Second floor

  _reachable through hidden staircase from first floor or from personal
  chambers in the third floor_

Stairs lead to another round room. This one is poorly lit, with a well lit
pedestal in the far center. Three figures are standing on it. Unfortunately
contrast from poorly lit stairwell and the bright spotlight on the figures
hides the details. There are other pedestals scattered across the room, with
human-like statues on them. The walls of this room have a lot of figures
partially embedded in the walls. Lack of light does not allow to distinguish
the details.

As the party steps into the room, it drowns in complete darkness for a brief
moment. Figures on the pedestal closest to the entrance are lit.

  There are two grown skeletons. A baby skeleton is held in arms of what seems
  to be remains of a mother and a child skeleton is hiding behind her leg.
  There are no clothes or items on these three bone sculptures. Second grown
  skeleton has a sheathed sword under his left arm. From the alignment of the
  corpses it seems that _father_ is leaving _mother_ with two children, one of
  which is still an infant, to join a mysterious war. There are no connecting
  wires of any sort for the skeletons to stand. They are obviously held
  together by strong magic. The pose and manners of these dead remains are
  staggeringly lifelike. Even though the figures are completely still and
  bare-boned, the sadness of the woman and the fear of the elder child are
  portrayed with surprising detail.

  As the party approach the lit display, another display becomes slightly
  illuminated to draw attention to it.

  Second display features a child levitating in the air, surrounded by brother
  and mother. A single white folded sheet of cloth is present in the scene.
  Mother is keeping the material on the forehead of the levitating child. An
  obvious impression of sickness and caring is given. Even without any facial
  features, both the mother and the elder brother skeletons seem deeply
  worried.

  First display dims and the third one lits.

  Three skeletons of increasingly larger children are displayed. The smallest
  child is given an ancient scroll by a levitating hand, a healing spell is
  casted in a palm of the second child, third child nurtures a skull of a
  child.

  Room sinks into darkness after a brief moment. With a whooshing sound a large
  magical fire opens on the forth display. Moments later two children hidden
  under a thick levitating sheet of clay become visible with a grownup skeleton
  completely engulfed in flames kneeling above. The stance of the female
  skeleton displays excruciating pain, while the children are fighting for
  their lives in hellish heat even behind the thick cover.

  Fire stops. Darkness engulfs the viewers. The same pedestal lights up. A
  child is holding his brother in his arms. Brother is half ash half bone. The
  child is kneeling in a huge pile of ashes and burned items. But the imaginary
  eyes of the kneeling child are looking slightly away. A single shred of red
  cloth is hanging on what appears to be remnants of a pitchfork. The cloth
  appears to be blown by the wind and stopped mid motion. Eye sockets of the
  child come alive. They burn in hatred. They burn in desire for revenge.
  Light dims away, leaving two flaming eye sockets visible in the dark.

  Fifth display lights up. A larger skeleton is threading after an empty dark
  cloak. Skeleton is trying to reach the cloak, but seemingly he just can't get
  it.

  Light shifts to the right, hiding the threading skeleton and revealing
  another fully grown skeleton standing in a position which mimics the hanging
  cloak. There is a ceremonial dagger in the hands of the now lit skeleton. The
  tip of the dagger is forced into a chest with a _still beating_ heart. Heart
  is dancing around the dagger. The beat slows. And slows. And slows. And
  stops. Surrounding light dims leaving the skeleton engulfed in magical blue
  light. A lich is born.

  Suddenly the whole room lights up. There are hundreds and hundreds of
  skeletons around the walls of the room. Each of them is armed and keeps
  murdering other skeletons. A truly terrifying depiction of horrors that this
  lich has unleashed on the world. In the midst of all that stationary action
  -- Lich Kalduk stands with the same hatred and vengeance filled eyes as the
  boy in the ash pile.

  Slowly the light fades from sides to the center, where the lich is standing.
  Hatred burned out. Vengeance was satisfied. Lich is left alone.

  Room returns to primary state. The far middle pedestal is lit, other figures
  are barely visible. Last display is composed from a cloak, standing in front
  of two skeletons. Unlike all the other skeletons in this composition, these
  two are old and visibly broken. One in the left has multiple wounds and
  broken bones. It has been in multiple battles and most probably died from a
  violent death. One in the right is not a skeleton at all. It is a mist of
  ash, carefully gathered into a form that resembles a skeleton. Obviously fire
  was the cause of this death. Cloak itself is not without flaws. It is
  tattered and completely worn out in places.

An exit is visible with ascending stairs. Next to it, a descending stairwell is
visible. Independent on movement direction (up or down) players are
experiencing the same visual spectacle.

Note: any violent act in this room is met by all skeletons coming to life.
Poor choices are poor.

#### Third floor

  _library of the Lich_

This floor has two exits, one directly from the main library room, another from
personal quarters behind the lich throne.

  _path from 1st floor_

You climb up narrow stairway spinning round the outer wall of the tower. The
stairs are dimly lit by magical torches on the inner side. After a few hundred
steps a smell of dust and paper fills the air. You reach a well lit room, with
towering bookshelves forming narrow passageways to all sides. Widest passageway
is aiming straight to the center of the room. You notice motion in the right
and a throne directly in front of you. There is a shaded figure sitting in the
large white bone throne.

  _path through hidden door_

Stairway ends with a wooden door. As you open it, smell of dust and paper fills
the air. You see a small room with a chair and an old heavy table with freshly
picked flowers arranged in graceful glass vase. Another door is slightly ajar
across the room. Bright light is shining through the gap. Shelves with various
tomes cover the walls, thick woolen rug is placed on the floor.

As you open the door, you see backside of a large white bone throne, surrounded
by towering bookshelves forming a maze of narrow passageways away from the
throne.

  _sync point_

-"WHO DISTURBS THE LICH OF KALDUK!?"

The voice came from the creature on the chair.

  _players have a stageringly shallow dialog with the lich of Kalduk_

  The dialog might incorporate the requirement of 'tribute, offering or
  sacrifice', depending on the choice players made at the bottom of the tower.
  If the skeletons were fought and defeated, lich of Kalduk quickly reveals
  that 'master gets unhappy when bones are breaking' and continues his shallow
  responses.

As the party walks into the room they notice a lot of brown cloaked skeletons
casually moving around the library and doing scribe tasks. Some of them are
inspecting manuscripts, some are rewriting books, some are ordering shelves,
some are practicing some sort of magic. Each of the scribes are visibly thin,
as you would expect from bare bones covered by thick wool cloak. Their hoods
rest on their backs revealing clean and polished skulls. None of the brown
cloaked skeletons look dangerous. If not for the white skulls and bare skeletal
feet steps sinking into soft rugs layered on the floor, you would be unable to
distinguish this from any other library. Unfortunately the ghastly throne is
completely destroying this serene atmosphere. Loud black cloaked lich on it is
not helping either.

  _players are directed towards understanding that the lich sitting on the
  throne is not the lich kalduk, but rather the lich of kalduk_

A scribe stands up from his desk and walks towards the party. There is
something off about this scribe. It differs from others, but none of the
members can point out what.

-"So, how may I assist you?"

The question is so calm, yet party feels completely disarmed. They realise that
they are now facing the real Kalduk. The insanely powerful lich whose name can
make grown men tremble in fear.

-"You can call me Bob. I'm way past the "fear my name" stage of lichhood."

  _dialog progresses with lich beeing quite assistive and helpful_

If for any reason players inquire if the lich has changed his ways, this event
triggers:

  Room sinks to complete darkness. Kalduk eyes begin to glow in hatred and it
  takes the form of spectre. Terrifying and irrational fear strikes everyone in
  the room. Spectre emanates immense power. Players feel like twigs standing in
  the path of a mammoth. Players are forced to take fear checks with heavy
  penalties. After all checks are rolled, but before results are verbalised,
  scene continues. The light turns back on, Kalduk calmly stands in front of
  adventurers. The skull appears to be smiling at the lifelessly scared party.
  Even though the physical feat of a simple skull may not be 'smiling' in terms
  of physical action, the feeling of being smirked at is masterfully expressed
  by this creature. Suddenly an understanding hits -- lich is not thin as other
  scribes. Robe is floating on an invisible body. Every motion is conveyed by
  magic carefully moving the robe as it was some sort of canvas for emotions.
  The lich is even 'breathing'. That makes his skeletal vessel look
  terrifyingly lifelike.

  -"Just kidding. You know, its hard to live without having a little fun."

...
