# Unlikely acquaintances

Evening crowd was thick. A heavily panting young boy was pushing through
looking for someone. His eyes blinked quickly while filtering the faces of the
crowd. Suddenly his gaze fixated on a loxodon at the side of the street calmly
browsing through some merchandise.

-- “Here you go sir”-, the courier said under his breath and pressed a piece of
paper into thick elephant hand.

-- “Mhm”-, murmured the ‘phant, while nodding and with a motion of his large
head hinted the boy that he should leave now.

As the boy turned his back and blended in the thick crowd the ‘phant broke the
Izzet seal on the paper. His ever calm face darkened as his eyes went over the
note:

    Dear friend, Please meet me at my laboratory in The Blistercoils, between
    Sullemand's and Sunnix's before the sun sets tonight.
    I beg for your help,
    Neirius

The loxodon turned westward and started rowing through the crowd as another
figure bumped into him. The elephant dropped an angry look at a small humanoid
who snapped with frustration in a womanly voice:

-- “Watch where you’re going elephant man!”

-- “I am going where I need to go, move!”

-- “Excuse my clumsiness”, - she complied with a change in her temper and
motioned for the elephant to pass.

The large beast involuntary checked his pockets to see if anything was missing,
but all was in order, so he hastily moved through a side street towards Neirius
lab in Blistercoils. It was getting dark, and there was not much time till
sunset. The unusual words sat uneasily atop the elephant’s mind. What could
have happened to Neirius to send him such an urgent notice? He was thinking to
himself while rushing through the busy streets and dark alleys between them
when he heard a loud snap and a sneeze behind him. Turning around he saw a
shadowy figure sulking by a corner he’d just passed.

-- “Who’s there?” - His low voice trumpeted in the alley.

-- “Hello again.” - The dark figure answered slowly moving in from the shadows.

A soft smile was visible under a deep blue hood. It was the same human he’d
just bumped into in the crowd. Wataru got a better look at her. Her cloak was
worn and had seen better days, but her stance told that she was not a regular
street urchin.

-- ”What do you think you are doing?” - Elephant cleric asked with a clear
discontent.

-- ”Listen Elephant-man, I know where you’re going, and believe it or not, our
paths did not cross by accident.” - she shifted and moved a bit further to the
centre of the alley, - ”I am going the same way you are.”

-- ”And where would that be?” - her words did not seem to convince the loxodon.

-- ”We have a friend in common, and he needs our help, do not waste time
arguing and let’s settle the questions while we move.” - she pressed the
elephant to take action.

-- ”Who are you talking about?”, - the beast in Boros uniform asked the slim
human still not believing a word.

-- ”Neirius!” - woman exhaled sharply - ”Are you satisfied? Can we move now?”

The ‘phant nodded and was about to take off as someone repeated the exact words
mimicking his voice: “Who are you talking about?”, followed by a nasty loud
cackle. “Are you satisfied? Can we move now?” - another voice, this time
similar to the shaded woman’s, came from behind them as a red dextrous creature
darted across their path. Another loud cackle filled the alley. Suddenly, out
of nowhere a demon with two horns on the sides of its head leapt on loxodons’
neck, biting deep into his flesh. As the cleric gasped in pain, an arc of pure
lightning slammed between the horns of the demonic assailant. Rakdos cackler
fell on the ground muddying his well-kept smoking, which looked comical on the
demonic red body of his. Seconds later another demon leapt from behind the
crates, galloped on all fours in what seemed like a tattered wedding dress and
swung his spiked chains at the big elephant, harmlessly ricocheting from heavy
Boros issued plate armour the cleric was wearing. The third demon leapt from
his hiding place behind a pile of junk in the back of the alley, shook his head
with one missing horn, laughed maniacally and swung spiked chains at the woman
in a blue cloak, tearing through her clothes and cutting into the skin. The
fight ended quickly and brutally for both sides. The elephant was bitten into
his knee pit, releasing another powerful arc of retaliating magic. The suited
demon had his face smashed in by a clerical hammer. One-horned demon received a
dagger into the left eye and was sliced in half by cloaked woman’s shortsword,
but his upper half exhaled a mind shaking laughter which sunk heavily into the
girl’s mind. Knee biting demon was the last to die. His ragged, presumably once
white wedding dress became red from blood as rogues’ sword slid down his spine,
piercing it top to bottom. Even though the creature laughed in his horrific
dying laughter, his appearance was too pitiful to do any harm to either loxodon
either human minds. In the heat of fighting couple heard some commotion
happening behind the corner, but everyone was too busy with their lives at
stake to inspect what was going on. After the last demon was slain, the woman
spoke up:

--”Nice moves elephant man.”

--”Thanks.” - mumbled the loxodon.

--”Nai is the name.” - rogue introduced herself.

--”Wataru” - the elephant man replied explicitly stressing the last vowel.

Just as the introduction was over a conjurer appeared from the same side where
the commotion and crowd shouts were heard.

--“What have you done? You ruined my show! You have slain my act!”

--“Move out of the way” - loxodon “kindly” asked, yet the conjurer refused and
looked angry.

--“Just let us pass, or the same that happened to your act will happen to you”,-
the human tried to reason, while removing the sword from the remains of her
opponent, shaking off the blood and sheathing the blade.

Rakdos Beastmaster was not impressed, nor intimidated by the two’s efforts, and
yet another fight broke off. It was rather quickly ended by a powerful bolt of
pure light emanating from a locket in elephants hands. A crowd started moving
towards the explosion of light with ovations and applause, thinking this was
just another of Rakdos performances. Elephant and the human pushed through
gathering crowd and disappeared in another alley before anyone could gather
what had really happened.

Soon they reached a street in The Blistercoils, where a small hut was trying
it’s best to stay upright squeezed between towering laboratories of Sullemand
and Sunnix. That was Neirius’ lab.

# Debtor

The wooden door was smashed and hung helplessly by one of the hinges. Nai and
Wataru climbed down the stairs and entered the dark lab. After stumbling in the
dark for a brief moment, they lit their torches and saw makeshift lab in
complete chaos. Broken Izzet equipment with weird liquid still seeping out from
small pipes, heaps and heaps of paper with schematics and small handwriting
scattered across the square room, silent humming of smashed mana chambers and
shattered glass from numerous flasks and vessels lying around made it obvious
that someone put a significant amount of effort in destroying whatever Neirius
was building in this lab.

Wataru noticed a shifting shadow under one table. He reached under and grabbed
a little creature. Elephant lifted it up and placed on the table in the light
of their torches. It happened to be a little girl, around five years old, and
she looked with scared eyes at the huge figure. As soon as she fell elephants
grip lighten she jumped off the table and bolted through the door. Nai tried to
grab her, yet tripped on some debris and face-planted on the stairs just inside
of the broken door with no chance to catch the little one. While Nai and Wataru
were distracted another kid appeared from the shadows and also managed to
squeeze away by running between the phant’s legs and jumping over the still
dazed Nai. Being clearly late for Neirius call for help, pair did not quite
have the time to waste chasing kids, so they proceeded to investigate the lab
further. Drag marks were quite obvious across the centre of the lab and clearly
were leading towards the stairs that led outside through the door. Wataru
remembered Neirius being a very careful individual and thoroughly searched for
a secret passage or door and soon found a way to the second floor where Neirius
had his living quarters. It looked messy. It looked foul. The smell and the
view was not something you would like to experience. Ever. Clothing, bed
sheets, excrements, rotten food, papers everything was scattered around the
room. After searching through it they didn’t find any clue where Neirius might
have gone, but it was clear that something bad went on here. On their way back
they stumbled on a money pouch containing 20 platinum Orzhov minted coins.
Phant suggested to share it and Nai accepted, after all, the place will
probably be robbed by someone else, so there was no point in leaving anything
there.

When they walked out of the destroyed lab outside, the sun had already set and
the street was laying in shadows extending from the ghastly night torches. With
his sharp sight, the elephant noticed something shiny lying on the street at
least twenty paces from the lab entrance, it was a handful of glass pieces that
were clearly hand selected from rubble in Neirius lab, most of the pieces had
interesting shapes or looked like gems. Nai pocketed them. Looking around they
saw a belltower of an Orzhov church, a book shop with a worn out signboard and
an orphanage among other Izzet laboratories. Having no clues apart from the
kids who might have seen something, they decided to visit the orphanage and see
what they could find. On their way there they stopped by the bookshop and
talked with the owner sweeping the porch of the shop whether he’d seen anything
strange. But the merchant had no information to offer. He did inquire if the
pair would like to buy some books.

An orphanage, a darkened stone house, stood peacefully in the night. A small
stone fence surrounded a yard with an old tree in the middle. Even now, in the
shimmering street lights, there were kids playing and working outside. Pair of
adventurers entered through a small wooden gate and knocked on the door. A
child, at most four years old, opened the door and pointed to the elderly, yet
still lively looking lady. She introduced herself as Matron Matilda and
welcomed the strange guests inside.

-- “We are looking for two kids, about this big, with eyes and ears,
human,...”,- Wataru began to explain but was cut off by Nai, who precisely
explained how the kids looked and why they are searching for them.

-- “This is a large house, full of children. I give them shelter and as much
love as I can, but I do not track them at all time. This is all I can do for
them. I would be very grateful if you could spare some coin for the orphans. It
is hard to keep all of these kids at bay.”, - Matilda swiftly transitioned to
the business side of things.

Nai and Wataru opened their pouches and gave 5 gold each. The eyes of the
matron lit up with happiness.

-- “Why you are too kind! We don’t have much to offer in return, but please
stay with us for dinner. It is about ready. Come, my children, give your thanks
to these noble guests!”- as Matron called out a horde of kids came and touched
and hugged both Wataru and Nai.

Kids started talking what will they do with these riches. Maybe they will buy
some new toys or perhaps some cloth. Or they could even buy some fruits to
spice up their bland food rations. This chattering bunch moved to the dining
room and sat at a large table, while older kids brought in the mushroom
porridge, obviously taken from Golgari food farms. Usually, food from Golgari
is barely edible, but here love and maybe a bit of spice made the porridge, one
would say, even quite tasty.

While kids were eating, the pair, boy and girl from Neirius lab, entered the
room. They instantly recognized the adventurers and froze looking at them. Nai
slowly took off her hood revealing her dark shiny hair and a kind face. She
reached her arm into her pouch getting the glass shards from the street and
extended her arm towards the kids at the door, hinting it might be theirs. The
girl approached with hesitation and tried to snatch her collectables. Nai held
them for a moment and easily released it letting the girl know Nai was on her
side. She started talking with the girl and they made a connection. The girl
was named Mary and she was really proud of the glass shards she found in the
wrecked lab. Mary sat down next to Nai and ate while talking about her day and
what she was doing in the lab and how a man was dragged away from the
laboratory earlier in the day. Meanwhile, Wataru carefully approached the boy,
who sat down a bit further away and tried to talk with him:

--”Boy, what you did in the lab?”- elephant trumpeted.

--”I,... I was searching for lightning… I will be a mage one day!”- the boy
proclaimed.

Suddenly elephants tone changed, he looked deep into the boys' eyes and
continued with tenderness:

--”Good good, did you find any lightning there?”

--”Yes…”,- the boy took out a piece of mizzium, which seemed like taken out
from a particular apparatus in Neirius lab.

--”I see, you will make fine lightning with this thing. I am a bit of lightning
mage myself…”

--”You really are?”- the boy asked with wide eyes and quickly hid the piece
under his clothes, -”I am called Jack, what is your name?”

--”Wataru, Thunder Cleric”,- elephant proudly introduced himself. -”Did you see
what happened in the lab?”

--”Group of large guys from the church nearby came in and smashed the door,
then they took someone and dragged him back to the church. There was some sort
of magical pillory on the white-haired man, he seemed very tired…”

Adventurers talked a bit more with the kids and had a filling meal. But it
seemed that only Wataru regained his strength, Nai still looked pretty beat up
from the last fight with Rakdos cacklers.

Having found out the location of Neirius, the couple adventurers stood up to go
to the door. The ‘phant thanked the matron for her food and Nai nodded to
Matilda and dropped a small smile to the kids, put her hood on again and both
left in a hurry.

Through the dark street, they moved towards the church which stood several
hundred paces away. The large single tower reached towards the sky, heavy
reinforced wooden door was closed shut, pale light was flickering through
stained glass windows. Nai snuck through the shadows to the inner courtyard and
looked around. Two thugs were carrying lifeless bodies from the church to a
crypt not far away. Nai waited for them to get in the crypt and took a peek
inside the church’s back door. What she saw took her by surprise: a priest was
performing a ritual to separate the soul from the flesh. A helpless figure was
lying on the sacrificial table and waited for demise. Two goons stood nearby
and kept order in the small pack of ghosts which were clearly freshly made.

Nai thought that it could be Neirius among any of the living or already dead,
so she hastily came back to Wataru and made a plan. Nai went to guard the back
door and Wataru went inside the church. The elephant went in, looked around and
sat in the front row. An Orzhov pontiff at the altar was reading a list of
depths following numbers. He monotonically chanted:

--”... Year 10095, borrowed 3000 zinos, repaid 976 zinos. Year 10096, repaid
1222 zinos. Year 10097, overall depth - 134764 zinos, on current terms
estimated repayment in 260 years, give or take. Please sign your name here.”

A thrull appeared with a gold quill and passed it to the man in front of the
altar. The man took the quill, stabbed it into his palm and wrote his name in
blood.

--”Thank you and please hold a great and long service to the Orzhova, you may
go.”

Thrull escorted the man to the back chamber in the church. The line of
condemned people now consisted only of two figures. The last one in the line
was magically shackled Neirius.

The Boros cleric pondered for a moment and decided to take action. He cast a
cloud of fog around the pontiff and grabbed Neirius with one hand and sprinted
as fast as his thick legs could go out of the church. He pushed the heavy door
with his free hand and disappeared into the night. Nai luckily heard the noise
of a door being forcefully opened and ran towards the front of the church. She
saw the loxodon charging into the night and followed closely behind, making
sure they are not followed. They regrouped quite a way further in a dark and
silent alley. Wataru put Neirius down and investigated his condition. It wasn’t
good. He was bound by a nasty Orzhov enchantment, called “The Pillory of the
Sleepless”. By Wataru’s calculations, Neirius had around 6 hours to be
dispelled or he would die or worse - forever drown in madness.
