###Having a polite groin grabbing

Dark alleyway, where Wataru and Nai had stopped to inspect Neirius' condition
previously empty and desolate filled with action and tension. Out of the blue
vedalken turned a corner and bumped into firm loxodons back.

--"Ach!"- blueish creature exhaled.

--"What just...?"- Wataru started a sentence as a ghostly skeletal hand
appeared out of thin mist and grabbed his smaller snout and clutched painfully.

--"HRGMTH!"- surprised elephant released a weird and awkward sound into the
alley.

Out of the darkness, about 60 feet away, a figure in Neirius voice shouted:

--"What are you doing with me?!"

Nai, carefully inspected the creature in the shadows:

--"Put your coin-sack down and slowly emerge"- she ordered.

Creature stepped out from the shadows. It was a teenage girl, with silvery hair
and pale white skin. Her festive Rakdos apparel menaced with leather straps and
metal spikes shimmering in magilight illumination.

--"What are you doing with Neirius!"- she grunted in low voice and charged
forward with her scythe unsheathed.

Wataru grabbed his hammer and did the same. While the two were running at each
other, Nai slid into the shadows. Vedalken stood at the end of the alley
dumbfounded, trying to make any sense on what is going on. Her friend was lying
on the ground, bounded and barely functioning. A large elephant was charging
with a large warhammer in his strong arms towards a teenage girl with a deadly
scythe in her hands and a shady looking lady with a dark blue cloak shouted
something and just vanished somewhere in the darkness.

The Rakdos girl fluidly ran around charging elephant and stopped above Neirius:
--"Oh, what trouble had you gotten me into now?"- she asked in a softer voice.

Loxodon stopped in his tracks, made a sharp turn and slammed his hammer in the
girls stomach. Girl responded by pointing a finger at the elephant and demonic
flames engulfed the Boros Cleric.

--"Dtud yxuqqg toyd, gio piiq!"- she hissed in abyssal.

Before she could do anything else, Nai appeared behind her, pressed her dagger
to her throat and carefully, for the third time in all this chaos, demanded:

--"Put your coin-sack down and drop your weapon!"

Rakdos girl did not answer to her demands, she instead demanded to tell what
they have done to Neirius. She mumbled something about a letter and being his
friend, but Wataru was not having any of it.

Meanwhile vedalken conjured a bunch of festive sparks around him, dragging all
attention.

--"What is going on?! Can we analyse the situation like civilized..."- she
could not finish the sentence before Nai quickly bonded the girl with rope and
Boros loxodon euthanised the poor girl with his fist. -"... people"- blueish
figure helplessly exhaled.

The remaining trio did manage to talk, instead of fighting. They realised that
Katrille, Simic scientist, was a close friend of Neirius and did too receive
his call for help, just arrived a tad late. They decided to leave the Rakdos
cultist unconscious in the corner and quickly find the closest healer. Wataru
suggested his acquaintance Wyn Zumro, a Selesnyan Forest Keeper, who should
know how to dispel Neirius' enchantment.

Before leaving, Nai gathered her rope back. She reasoned that there is no use
in wasting a perfectly good rope on a person she has no interest in meeting
again. Nai noticed a letter in Rakdos girls hand with a broken Izzet seal.

Wataru grabbed Neirius and they rushed through Fourth Districts rubble to the
Selesnyan Forests.

###"So it is your wolf, you say?"

The three of them, with a fading Izzet scientist in the strong elephant hands,
marched through rubbles of older Ravnica. Old buildings were demolished and
already reclaimed by nature. Forests, canopies and ruins passed as quickly as
the trio could move. Before long they were on the edge of orderly Selesnyan
forest. A wolf howling, which followed them for the last fifteen minutes came
closer and closer, eventually passing nearby and continuing in the thick
forest.

Suddenly the sound of the wolf changed. It sounded more like a yelp.

Nai decided to inspect the situation, as the sounds were now coming from
directly ahead.

She sneaked ahead and found an half-ogre and four goblins surrounding a dire
wolf, which was pressed against a tree.

--"Breegork take hide! Breegork kill wolf!"- large half-ogre with a huge battle
axe shouted.

Surrounding goblins were chanting: -"Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!".

Suddenly an arrow came out of nowhere and sunk in the arm of the Ogre.

--"WRRAAARGHHHH! Breegork no feel pain!"

Nai calculated her situation and released an arrow herself into the back of the
monstrosity. Arrow did not sink too deep and the half-ogre only scanned his
companions quickly, who were still aggressively chanting. He took his axe with
one hand and sliced the wolf. He hit just under the ear, previously white fur
became blood red. Wolf yelped and retaliated, but her teeth grasped only thin
air as Breegork jumped back.

Another arrow came from the forest, this time sinking deep into half-ogre's
back. Nai followed by dodging past unaware goblins and stabbing his sword into
the Breegork's ribcage. Then she swiftly jumped back, and seeing only one
goblin which paid at least some attention to her actions, she made a cloud of
dust and disappeared into thick foliage.

--"WAAAAAAAUUUUUUURRRGHHH!"- ogre shouted through pain. He took his axe with
both hands and slammed it deep into the wolf head. The beast slumped on the
ground helplessly, it was breathing hardly.

All goblins exhaled shouted together with their leader for his victory, as an
angry loxodon stampeding through the forest appeared. He was carrying a limp
body of Neirius in his snout and appeared to be ready to smash some goblin
heads in.

Goblins quickly scrambled into the forest with their weapons ready, trying to
flank the elephant. Few arrows flew wild, few hits slammed into the thick armor
of Boros Cleric. An dark haired elf ran out of the forest and sprinted to the
dying wolf. Meanwhile Nai climbed the back of the ogre and firmly drove her
sword into his head. Goblins seeing the situation radically change, followed
their primal instinct and ran as fast as they could. Only one, apparently the
meatiest and dimmest of them all, left and tried to fight with the menacing
Wataru. But he was quickly disposed by few ice bolts from the hands of the
vedalken wizard.

The fight ended as quickly as it started. The dark haired elf kneeled next to
the dying wolf and started to softly sing an elven melody. Her hands glowed and
fatal wounds started closing. It was far from enough to heal the wolf, but at
least it's eyes opened and it was able to get back on his shaking legs.

Elf thanked her unexpected allies and asked how she could repay them. Nai
pointed at Neirius body in the Wataru snout:

--"We are in need of a talented healer, do you know anyone like that here?"

--"I... I do. Follow me."- she helped the limping wolf down the dark forest.
Party followed closely behind.

They came to a livewood hut at the edge of the well kept forest. Neia, the dark
haired elf, pointed at the door and led the wolf to a shelter between two
strong oaks, where other animals were resting from various injuries.

One long knock on the door later, a figure appeared in the doorway.

--"What brings you... Och! Neia, what happened?"- an elderly elf, with black
hair firmly packed into a bun behind his head, started gracefully walking
towards the injured wolf.

--"Wait! We don't have much time, please help this man!"- Wataru interfered

Elf took a long look at the elephant:

--"Wataru? Is it really you? Long time ago you roamed my gardens..."- elf stood
still for a moment, and remaining party members started rushing the elf to help
Neirius. He nodded his head and moved over his body. Few minutes later the
magical shroud concentrated into thick chains and broke disappearing in the dew
covered grass. Neirius gasped for air and fell down unconscious.

--"He needs to rest"- elf stated. Wataru closely inspected his condition and
confirmed that Neirius will sleep for at least few days.

Elf moved to help the wolf and chatted a bit with Neia inaudibly to others. He
turned back while helping Neia to bandage and clean wolf wounds:

--"I do not have much, but you seem tired. Would you like a place to sleep for
the day?"
