# Hand of the numbered

The girls exited the damp and magilit Zonot back to the surface.

--"I will leave you now. I feel that Wataru soul is bound to return to his body
soon, and the song is calling me back to my duty in the forest."- Neia looked
longingly at the clear skies, -"Blessings of Mat'Selesnya to you all".

The party looked after the elvish girl and her wolf striding into the alleys of
Blistercoils.

--"We should start with Tin street. I have a hunch that this pickaxe originated
there."- Nai gave her thoughts on the subject.

--"Lead the way"- Katrille nodded, eyeing Shinigami with suspicion, who was
swinging her hips playfully to the sides, making her short simple skirt swirl
in the warm afternoon breeze.

The relatively quiet streets of Fifth district gave way to the bustling Tin
Street. Lively market was full of action and people, food vendors were trying
to sell of the last bits of grilled meat from their carts, some merchants were
already packing up their stalls, was it because the day was not going well for
them, or they have sold all that they wanted today it remains unclear. Criers
from stalls at the edges of the street tried to get attention from passers-by
in any way they could.

--"Wait here, I am going to look around"- Nai disappeared into the crowd faster
than anyone could protest.

--"Would you like some rat sticks?"

--"What?"- Katrille looked surprised at the Rakdos performer, currently
behaving completely differently than she was used to.

--"Rat sticks. Grilled rats on a stick."- girl pointed to a nearby goblin,
which had impaled gutted rodents sizzling atop his portable grill.

--"Um, can we have something that has less of, um, rat?"

--"How about that one"- her finger moved to large banner "Myzterius Meatz",
which was owned by a sturdy looking female ogre, giving out large sausages to
her customers.

--"I would prefer something which I know is meat..."- vedalken skimmed over the
closest stalls -"There, a 'bab stall."

A leaf decorated wooden stall, with slim human slicing juicy looking pale meat
and placing it into brownish spice mix, before tossing it onto a huge pan over
a marble stove, where a chubby woman saw to a perfect roast. Soon girls dug
into steaming meat and vegetable plates standing at the little table nearby.

Meanwhile Nai was looking for anything that would help them to figure out who
attacked Biochemist Iosif. Her keen eye noticed a crew of Rakdos miners pushing
through the crowd. They were sweaty and had a disconcertingly strong odor
around them. Most probably they were just out of the depths of Hellhole,
perhaps trying to unearth something long lost. Nai followed the miner crew
until they reached a stall fully stocked with metal tools.

--"Hey, boy, do you have a pickaxe?"

--"Vincenc, he has nothing but pickaxes. Just pick one and lets go, we have a
lot to do."

--"Boy, give me a discount, I have broken one, and I need a new one."- towering
man pushed over a large broken tool the stall. -"How much?"

--"Whi-which pickaxe do you want?"- boy behind the stall stammered a bit,
seeing the large leather wearing figures, with menacing spikes and piercings
throughout their muscular bodies.

--"This will do"- Vincenc pointed to the closest pickaxe, similar to the one he
used before.

--"That one will be a zino and 59 zibs."- boy started pulling out the tool from
the rack.

--"Make a discount or we will use it on you first!"- the smallest of the group,
but still a large human hissed at the poor boy and showed his artificially
sharpened teeth in a threatening smile.

--"Y-yes sir. One twenty, no less."- boy hoped that the group would not attack
him in broad daylight, but he was not entirely certain. He looked at the little
flag bearing the symbol of the Church of Deals, hanging at the end of the stall
banner, praying that the protection he bought had any impact on these brutes.

Low thick laughter from Vincenc's mouth pushed out the remainder of the blood
from already pale boys face. He threw the coin on the counter, grabbed the tool
from the shivering hands and gestured his comrades to go. Before leaving, one
with gruesome smile feinted a swing from a tool he was holding, forcing the
merchant to cover his head with his arms.

Nai watched the group walk away and approached the stall.
