#Hook: Golgari

After a fight in Golgari dungeons players have a chance of finding out that
this was a simple reclaimer party dispatched by a lich to simply gather
materials. They were ordered to collect a particular type of fungi that grows
only in this area, and found Izzet mages stomping their growing grounds. They
simply lashed out to protect the area. Now the artefact is firmly encapsulated
by fungus and moss. It is like ages have passed since it was left here. There
is a large variety of lethal and lucrative mushrooms to pick here, if one would
be interested in that.

#Hook: Izzet

Sabite Eyne is indeed really curious about Neirius experiments, but she has
warm feelings towards Neirius himself and is demolished hearing about what
Neirius did with Orzhov to fund his experiment. She can tell that Neirius was
obsessed with his device for more than five years now. And during all that time
he worked in secret in his hidden lab, away from main Izzet laboratories. He
was always so vague about his work, but he was fierce and dedicated researcher.
She would love to help the party with anything, but her most valued assistant,
Gopal Divakar, was found dead yesterday. His body was stuck in one of the
Elemental Dislocator Windup Gears, or EDWG for short. She could not understand
how Gopal could be so reckless, but now she has to clean the whole machine and
restart the week long experiment, before her contacts from Izzet come to
collect the results.

#Hook: Dimir

A spy in Izzet was investigating Neirius work, but slipped and his identity was
found out by another Dimir agent. Agent who goes by Bertan figured out that it
is necessary to stop any further information leak, so he disposed of the agent
in "an accident" and made the Orzhov to move against their debtors in turn
effectively ending Neirius research.

# Location: Jezeru District

Previously inhabited region spanning multiple regions after a tremendous effort
made by Simic became covered in shallow water. The valley became home to
thousands of interconnecting lakes. Few mysteries about the previous
inhabitants are still unsolved.

# Location: Bane Alley

A street just above the Old Rav were all that is "illegal" is sold and bought.
Assassinations, high scale sabotage, extortions or graft of highest impact can
be arranged here if you have the payment for it. Gold and platinum does not
always suffice.
