# Scene 2: Orzhov book of souls

Inside the Orzhov church is dimly lit by magical flames around the walls. High
ceiling is decorated with gold and bone, tainted windows reflect the ghostly
light and appear to be moving in the flickers.

A line of people stand gravely before a pontiff with a book in his hands. Each
person agrees to whatever the pontiff says and signs in the book with a bloody
quill.

After that people disappear in the room behind pontiff, never to be seen again.
Inside the room, two Orzhov Euthanists are slashing their bodies from their
souls, leaving a pile of prepared corpses for thrull breeders. The souls
venture downward to the catacombs to continue paying their debts to the Orzhov.

## Option 1: Players arrive before Neirius is converted

You see Neirius standing in the line. He has a wooden pillary placed on his
head and hands, his eyes are dark and empty. His mouth is whimpering inaudible
words. There are about 20 people in front of him. If players try to free him, a
fight between them and Orzhov Enforcers break out. Normally Enforcers try to
talk players (intimidate) them away from Neirius and to allow his queue to
come.

Release from the pillar of the sleepless: Neirius falls into a coma for 2d4
days. He can be woken earlier by magical rejuvenation powers. During that
period Orzhov issue a decree to find and arrest the party and they are all
amounted to have a debt of 60 thousand zinos.

## Option 2: Players arrive after Neirius is converted

A group of thrull breeders are working on a fresh pile of bodies. You can
quickly identify a dead body of Neirius. Orzhov pontiff Georgius Caelinus may
inform the party that this particular form is indebted greatly and will serve
the masters both in body and in soul. He is indebted by 45 thousand zinos and
his estimated serving time is 90 years.

Georgius can be persuaded for few zinos to allow an audience with the soul of
Neirius. If asked directly he opens the book and reads that visiting costs a
hundred zinos deposited to the vaults of Orzhov.

