# Character hooks, secrets and rumors.

Najwa is approached by a well dressed male, Nikolaiev Spasov, he has Orzhov
brooch on his cloak. He is followed by two large bodyguards. He proposes a
contract to investigate recent interuption in a nearby church. By his knowledge
a debtor had escaped his due. It would be an easy task, but there are ends
missing in this case. There are no records of the name of the person who
escaped the church, only a verbal testimony from the pontiff. The enforcers
that presumably brought the debtor are missing too.

Church of Orzhov is organising a tournament to praise the generosity of
Orzhova. Price for the winner of 3 hand to hand combats 5 Orzhov platinum
mints. Tournament will continue for as long as there are contesters during the
next few weeks. Entry fee only one zino!

There is an upcoming festival in the Gore House, they say a pack of succubi
will be running wild there this year.

I've heard Gruul marauders have a new leader, a fierce warrior named Bren.

It had been the third incident like this! This time a scientist going by name
Coronos was found dead in the alley here in Blistercoils. He had drowned, just
as the other two victims.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/slithering-tracker]

An old hag is selling carpets in the Tin Street. I've heard her clients have
ended up dead if they threated her poorly and others found gemstones on their
new carpets if they were pleasant.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/rug-of-smothering]

A young elf is distributing leaflets urging to choose natural products and
reject Simic experiments and augmentations. The text is signed by The Gift Of
Life movement. There is a small green tree with large roots painted in the
corner of the leaflet.

Old human with threatening scar going through his face sits alone in the
corner. He is flipping a platinum coin in the air. He has an offer which he
would presumably disclose in private, outside. Party gets ambushed and robbed.
