# Secret meeting with Najwa(Nai)

You see a familiar face in the street. A thug named Gregor. He discreetly nods
to you and shows a sign that he needs to talk with you. You know better than to
reject a generous hand of Orzhov, so you say goodbyes to your party and dart
into nearby alley.

--"Najwa, mr. Spasov requests your assistance. Come",- his voice is rough and
matches his tough appearance.

Gregor leads you through a better part of Blistercoils to a fancy looking house
with tainted glass windows. This is the first time Nikolaiev Spasov had taken
you for audience in his home. You usually exchange information for money by
letters or simply relay the information through one of his many goons. But
today something is different. At the door you are met by a well dressed
servant, who leads you into a book filled study. Gregor stays behind, so you
have time to look around. His study is neat and tidy, it is lit by large amount
of candles, which gives this room a cosy feel. But you don't let your guard
down. Vampires are not to be taken lightly. He comes in with grace ordinary to
any vampire, his dark cloak flaps lightly as he strides through the room.

--"Najwa, it is a pleasure to see you",- he kisses your hand and gestures to
sit in an armchair across a small round table.

He lands on the other side of said table and places his hands casually on the
armrests.

--"How are you holding up, Najwa?",- his fangs glimmer in the flickering light
as he talks, there is a smear of fresh blood on his lip. -"Unfortunately I
invited you here not to have a pleasant conversation. I have a task that I may
not entrust to my usual contacts. As always I will reward you for your effort.
May I continue?"

--"Yes, mr. Spasov, please do.",- you answered with elegance rivaling the
vampire's.

--"It came to my knowledge that a certain pontiff had lost a certain individual
from annual debt collection.",- the vampire licked his lips,- "It would be no
mystery in an ordinary case, but for some reason book of debts with any records
about said individual has gone missing. If the pontiff's report to be trusted,
two Orzhov enforcers delivered a shackled individual and left him in the death
row. Later that day a Boros Loxodon showed up and took the individual away by
force. The two enforcers that brought the said individual have gone missing
too."

Vampire's eyes were, as always, looking deep into your soul.

--"I want you to find how did a book of debts disappeared from Orzhov church.
If possible return the book to us, if not give us the name who can be held
responsible for this. We will handle the rest."

Vampire stood up and extended his arm to help you up.

--"As always, I expect absolute discretion.",- he kissed your hand again,
turned around and walked out of the study.

Behind you a servant with a small pouch on a golden plate gave knowledge about
his existence with a silent cough. He led you out through the back door. Pouch
contained 10 platinum coins.

