# Character hooks, secrets and rumors.

Church of Orzhov is organising a tournament to praise the generosity of
Orzhova. Price for the winner of 5 hand to hand combats 5 Orzhov platinum
mints. Tournament will continue for as long as there are contesters during the
next few weeks. Entry fee only one zino!

J'okhana is a minotaur fighter, which has a lot of bets on her.

There is an upcoming festival in the Gore House, they say a pack of succubi
will be running wild there this year.

I've heard Gruul marauders have a new leader, a fierce warrior named Bren.

It had been the second incident like this! This time a scientist going by name
Cuktula was found dead in the alley here in Blistercoils. He had drowned, just
as the other victim.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/slithering-tracker]

An old hag is selling carpets in the Tin Street. I've heard her clients have
ended up dead if they threated her poorly and others found gemstones on their
new carpets if they were pleasant.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/rug-of-smothering]

A young elf is distributing leaflets urging to choose natural products and
reject Simic experiments and augmentations. The text is signed by The Gift Of
Life movement. There is a small green tree with large roots painted in the
corner of the leaflet.

Old human with threatening scar going through his face sits alone in the
corner. He is flipping a platinum coin in the air. He has an offer which he
would presumably disclose in private, outside. Party gets ambushed and robbed.
  Leaders: Janush(dead), Borek, Nikolas.
  Thugs: Steve, Arkady, Sozox (goblin), Lucas

Swarms of waspcrabs are ravaging Golgari rotfrms, Simic anounced they will
solve this problem, if they do not, Golgari promised to poison the Zonot.

"We raised eelhawks to control the squidflies, then waspcrabs to prey on the
eelhawks. Now what do we do with all these waspcrabs?" --Gulistan, Simic
biomancer

Two kids kissing in a tree were ambushed by Nai. Hope and her boy from Azorius
shared that there is a little spy network between the other kids.

# Locations
## Inn: Water and some Fire

Innkeeper: Large ogre female, with sweet voice. Her name is Jura.
She has a wide variety of strong alcohol and treats everything else as "water".

