# Hooks, secrets and rumors

Azorius lawmages had outlawed using Succubi as attraction for upcoming
festival. There are posters all around town that anyone who will enjoy a
Succubi will be prosecuted by Law of Indignity. This has raised a lot of
dissatisfaction among the people who were waiting for the next Rakdos festival.

Oathkeeper Emporium is busting full tonight. First fights of Orzhov tournament
are taking place.

Third victim fell dead to the wet assassin. A courier boy from Izmeri library.
His name or connection to other two victims is unknown. [PLOT HOOK: First
victim was an Dimir infiltrator in Izzet. Assassin was sent by Bertan] Azorius
issued open bounty on the "Wet slayer of Blistercoils". Current bounty is 15
zinos.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/slithering-tracker]

A large group of people are marching to protest near the Seventh Zonot. They
are shouting something about "The Gift of Life". Azorius and Boros are trying
to peacefully disperse the crowd.
  There are 7 entrances to the zonot and all of them are crowded by cultists.
  Each street-head is closed off by Boros.

Waspcrabs are still at large. They come in large swarms at night and buzz above
the Golgari rotfarms.

A group of spirits had broken free from Orzhov Basilica during an earthquake
and a collapse in Whitestone. Investigation is on the way by Wojek Tiernan
Dunphy.


A note is put into a player's hand by a shaded figure
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/thought-spy]:

    I know who unleashed the plague in 10071. Meet me at the
    Quicksliver Bat Bridge.

# Locations

## Slashed Rose tavern

A shack with semi broken tavern sign. You are greeted by a small sharp eared
goblin.


## The Quicksilver Bat Bridge over The Death Chasm

The lowest of the three bridges that are still outside Golgari territory that
connect The Blistercoils with The Bulwark. A good spot to get someone killed
without a trace. Also a good spot to have someone listen to you with utmost
attention, because of the first reason this bridge is famous for. Both ends
disappear in a maze of underground passages that sprout under every building in
Ravnica.

It got the name from an incident few hundred years back when a scientist tried
to ship a significant load of said metal to the foundry using the shortest and
least inspected path. Obviously the Quicksliver was "liberated" from a rival
laboratory and was meant to be forged into a golem. By sheer accident a pack of
Bloodhunter Bats had chosen this bridge as their resting place and attacked the
caravan. In the end the quicksilver was spilled all over the pavement and
dripped down on remaining hanging bats. Now those bats are permanently encased
in magical shimmering casing, which repels most of wildlife from coming
anywhere close.

