---
date: 11th of Mokosh, evening
---

# Name cache

Male:

- Oscar Thomsen
- Marek Olie
- Hubert Zsombor

Female:

- Vendula Dragan
- Ivana Gilsa

Demon:

- Sogdrodis
- Dagal
- Eshiroth
- Syltyz

Goblin:

- Irx (f)
- Ceghelk
- Klylx (f)

# Intro

Bright stripes of evening light rise on the opposite side of the Death Chasm.
You are standing in a circle around Shinigami, she has a metal cube in her hand.

# Conspiracy of Tamid Luade

Tamid is a [thought spy](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/thought-spy)
working for Dimir. He had an open assignment to rise in the ranks of Azorius.
His cell leader, [mind drinker
vampire](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mind-drinker-vampire) Stelian
Szabolcs had pulled some strings in the Golgari to make an opening for a
cross-guild feud, which Tamid had to follow up with a rigged investigation.
They expected to cover the tracks by using a party of unsuspecting adventurers.

Tamid sent out the adventurers to talk with Linda, meanwhile he tracked their
actions and prepared an ambush.

5x [thought spy]
1x [mind drinker vampire]

Purpose of the ambush is to subdue the group for a day. Meanwhile they plan to
use the faces of the adventurers to break Linda out of jail, make her
disappear, tie everything up to point to Simic.

## Ambush

A child stands out in the open, looking for something. As he sees the group
approaching, he calls out to them, and asks to follow him.

"Please help me. I know you are friends with Mary and John, they told me I can
trust you."

"It will be easier if I showed you, follow me."

Ambush starts when all players must make a Wisdom saving throw DC 15. (A glyph
lights up on the wall next to them) Then all remaining players see four
creatures materializing behind them and two creatures in front.

All creatures are humanoid, covered in dark cloaks. They attack the standing
players.

Last remaining player has to do Wisdom saving throw, his mind is probed.

## Wake up

You regain conciousness. It is pitch black around you. You are in a cell. There
are no visible windows, a single metal door with a small hole for looking into
the cell.

There is a lock which can be picked. DC 12.

The cell is deep underground. On their way out they encounter
4x[Shadows](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/shadow)

## Meanwhile

Dawn of Mokosh 12, Obzday.

Mortimer Lan quickly realises that the party is not lying, because they never
came to claim the reward. He is also sure that this is a conspiracy.

"You are very brave and stupid to show your faces here. After all the damage
you have done."

"Instead of getting rid of all the creatures in the farms, you broke Linda out
of jail. And may I ask, where is she now?"

"The case is now in the hands of Chamber of Guildpact. It is that much harder to prove
it a conspiracy. Any ideas what we can do?"

[Orzhov enforcers](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/guard)

Linda Moisuz is nowhere to be found. She has a bounty of 200 gold assigned.

There is a wanted poster with all of their faces. They are assigned a 20 gold
bounty each. They are blamed for helping Linda Moisuz escape from Azorius
prison.

Tamid Luade acts hostile on terms that are in sync with all Azorius. He tries
to subdue the party and bring them for trial for helping Linda escape. He also
blames them for not following his orders.
