# NPC Zikmund Sedlak

## Appearance

Genetically modified human.

Has brown eyes and brown curly hair. His nose is larger than usual, is 26
years old. He is dressed with a dark grey cloak. Blue scales are visible just
above neck line and little below sleeve ends.

He was a voluntary Simic experiment member five years ago. His modification
gave him an ability to deflect magic missiles from his scaled skin. He was
imbued with Striped Riverbinder essence, so if he shows his body, he has gold
stripes on his back.

## Inner motivation and history

He is witty and cunning, he can tell a bit about his life before the
experiment, and it was shit. He never knew his parents, he was raised in the
street by his older sister. When he was 14 his sister joined Simic as an
apprentice. He decided to follow her steps, but he could not grasp the depths
of Simic biomancing, so his tutor gave him two options - to become one of his
experiments or get out to the street again. He chose the former and after the
experiment did not succeed fully (his face and palms remained human) he was
tossed out of the laboratory as a failed subject. He had a rough time after
that, trying to blend in with others in the city. Few years ago he heard of a
group of derelicts like him, and joined their ranks. They took root in
Selesnyan territory and started worshiping Mat'Selesnya. Vuduin Brykas, a high
priest of the sacred tree, became de facto leader of that group, as he listened
and consoled to them. He also ensured they would not go hungry and would have a
place in the song. Recently worrying chain of events started with Simic Combine
at the epicenter. New species, new experiments had been done with many new
souls hurt and changed, sometimes against their will. This was against the
stance of The Gift of Life. Some of the members had gone as far as sabotage
Simic laboratories, but most of the order wanted a peaceful interception and an
open discussion with the Combine, but all their efforts have been rejected,
sometimes even brutally. Last week Vuduin called all members to a public
demonstration, which the party had just observed. Most charismatic were chosen
as the Voice of Life, and given the duties of rallying the like minded. Over
the last few weeks many new members joined, mostly from Selesnya, but some even
from Gruul.

Personally he would at least like to meet his sister and convince her that
their ways are going against the natural order of life and nature and that she
should stop.
