# Backstory

I was living a peaceful idyllic life in city's outskirts surrounded by nature
and quiet. I spent all of my days observing wildlife and enjoying clean air out
of the city's noise. One of my favourite activities was swimming in a crystal
clear lake just near my house and feeling all of my thoughts and worries
dissipating in calmness of deep water. One day everything changed... All water
around our district became strangely cloudy and air became noxious and hard to
breathe. This lasted only few days, but as everyone thought this was just some
accident in the city even stranger things started to happen. All district's
inhabitants that where of elvish descent were falling ill and died few weeks
after in agony and pain. This plague affected only one race and everybody else
were completely fine, so this looked like some ethnic cleaning. Always being
curious about all the things that are strange and unexplained, I was very
interested in finding out what happened. So I moved to the city's central area
and joined Simic laboratory. All the knowledge and experimentation I am getting
there takes a hold of all my time and thoughts.

## Painful love

It was a bright summer day when I stepped out from my transport thopter to
shores of Jerezu. I knew about this part of the world only by the handful of
facts I got from local notary's office. This area had been marked for
reclamation fourteen hundred years ago and officially purchased by Simic few
hundred years later. Naturally all paperwork was handled by Orzhov, major
member of Ozbedat was involved in this transaction, did not really took the
time to distinguish which of the dead farts was behind it all. There was a
mention of huge waterification project handled by Simic in conjunction with
Izzet and, weirdly, Selesnya. Whole lot of other paperwork which ensured that
none of the Guildpackt boundaries were crossed in obtaining and transforming
this valley. When thopter wind turbines died out and I could finally see
through without my hair getting into my eyes I was rather shocked. I did not
expect this place to be, well, gorgeous.

Lake filled valley opened up into a blue horizon stretching as far as eyes
could see. Beaches of white sand, shining new buildings floating above the
bodies of water and older huts pressing on to remainder of dry land, fliers and
water transportation darting across the spreading azure and the remaining
green.

I took a deep breath of this soft warm air. It had a tint of perfume in it,
together with the freshness of a mountain spring. I should find Professor Válek
and report to my position.

...

She was there. Standing on the shore and looking at the horizon with emerald
green eyes. I have been working at Professors Váleks frontier research team,
trying to find the fastest way to repopulate these currently dead waters with
life, when I met her at one of the ancient elven villages. Her name was as
captivating as she was, Aerith. Aerith. In my native tongue her name meant the
constant movement of life. I tried to compliment her by explaining that, but
instead tears swelled in her eyes. I felt so helpless seeing her crying. When
she finally spoke. Her voice was no longer soft as crabspider silk, it was dull
and full of pain. She told me about her father who grew up in this land long
before it became flooded by her own kin. She told me about all the forests that
burned down in mana infused fire which produced all this water we see now. She
told me that she missed all that so much, and that now it is hard for her to
find refuge in this changing world.

I tried to calm her over the years I worked there. I tried to show her the
beauty of change. The beauty of this new world. I tried to bring joy back to
her emerald eyes. I created new species just for her. I named new islands and
underwater groves after her eyes, her lips, her hands. I tried everything in
my power. I gave her everything I have had or will have.

But in the end, she took her own life.

I think that was the day I went mad. I could not believe that a love of my life
could not accept change. Change, which always meant creating something greater,
something beautiful. That day I saw that no one of these darn elves can see the
greatness we are creating here.

## Interlude Katrille and Neirius

In the days of research, my paths oftenly crossed with multitude of other
researchers. I have spend days, sometimes even weeks in Prism University,
deepening my knowledge in biology and chemistry. From all the aquaintances I
have made, one had stood out by his stuborness and secrecy. I met him in the
library, near the mana transmutation section. He stood there with book in his
thin arms, with darkened eyes from exhaustion, it appeared that he will
collapse any moment from exhaustion.

-- "Hey, are you feeling well?", - I asked him.

-- "... two flux capacitors connected in reverse, powering a
transmoglificator...", - he mumbled something barely comprehensible.

-- "You seem exhausted, what are you working on?"

He slammed the book shut and looked me straight in to the eye.

-- "You are new here, aren't you?", - he asked with noticible irritation.

His eyes scanned my composture and the marks of my experiments all over my
skin. I unconciously dragged my sleve down covering one of the latest tatoos
with formula for chemical I recently combined. His gaze softened.

-- "Yes I am new... Would you like to show me around? And maybe get some rest
while you are at it?", - I pressed on.

He pondered for a moment, slighlty shifting back and forward, as if standing on
two legs required mental fortitude.

-- "Agreed, if you never ever ask another scientist what he is working on."

We walked out from the library and he talked about the university and all the
knowledge that is enclosed in these walls. When we reached the inner fountain,
he took out something that resembled a piece of old bread, asked if I wanted
some, took a bite and collapsed on the lush grass. I jumped to his exhausted
body with fear that his life hjad just left him, but it seemed that he simply
fell asleep. I had no idea how long he had pushed himself, but somehow he
looked like a type I would like to stick around to. While he slept, I sneaked
into the book he was carrying. It was an advanced mana manipulation technique
discussion. Written by a pair of scientists little short of two hundred years
ago. After almost four hours of reading he woke up.

-- "How do you think, is it possible to artificialy create Black Lotus?",- he
asked about a legendary mana emiting plant.

-- "I am not sure, but if it is possible, it would make a breakthrough in all
scientific areas...",- for the last few hours I've been reading about failed
experiments of "Spontainious Mana Emition", which should, in theory, replicate
the effect of Black Lotus.

And so I met with Neirius. We used to have these long conversations about our
research, never stating what we are doing, but asking for opinions on various
questions that gave us problems at the time. After I delved deeper into work
within Simic Combine, I no longer had the time to visit University on weekly
basis, so our friendship grew distant.

***

I was working in the lab late when a knock on the door startled me. I nearly
dropped a vial of bioluminating acid leeches. I opened the door with a ghastly
glowing vial in my left hand.

--"Can I help you?"

--"Please miss, a letter for you", - a young pale boy was standing wet in the
coridor. His clothes were driping with some sort of liquid. He handed me a
paper leter, shimering with resistance magic.

--"Where did you manage to get this wet?", - I curiously inclined.

--"Stepped into a pothole, miss",- he exhaled with frustration,-"Simic
laboratories are hard to navigate for a surface boy, miss".

--"Here", - I handed him quarter zib, -"Get some warm food for the effort"

--"Thank you, miss",- his hand quickly grabbed my coin, -"You are most kind",-
he mumbled and scooted away.

I took a closer look at the letter. Izzet seal. Familiar handwriting:

    Dear friend,
    Please meet me at my laboratory in The Blistercoils, between
    Sullemand's and Sunnix's before the sun sets tonight.
    I beg for your help, Neirius

***

When I hastily finished my research and walked up to Blistercoils it was
already past sunset. Empty streets were quiet. I made a turn into a dark alley
to shortern the walk and nearly slamed into a large loxodon.
