# Backstory

Neia Chaeren, daughter of a Warriors for Selesnya, Rhothomir Keljor and
Yaereene Yeszana. Her mother died just after she was born, in 9937, during
Gruul Raid. She was a Ledev, elite fighter for Conclave and its people. Her
father died during Decamilenial Celebration during the Impersonation of Captain
Calomir, and the infamous Selesnya march against Rakdos. He was Selesnya's
Sentry, a sworn guardian of Mat'Selesnya. After both her parents laid their
lives for the Conclave, she was taken in by her uncle Wyn Zumro.

Wyn is caring and warm elf. He spends his time nurturing wildlife back to
health, his home is always full of animals who are in need of treatment from
his healing hands. He taught Neia the love for wildlife and wished for her to
be just like him. But his naiveness and sometimes straight inability to grasp
the darker feelings Neia felt kept him from fully understand Neia's desires.

During her 100'th birthday Neia, against Wyn's objections, joined ranger
squadron, following in her mothers footsteps. She spent her days of youth
perfecting her mastery of bow, sword and nature.

She was a fierce hunter and extremely effective tracker. Her specialties,
differently from her peers, were focused on goblins and humans. Her choice of
prey was fueled by hatred and sorrow, when she was young she saw goblin raiding
parties burning the forests in the Conclave, and she lost her father to a human
sword. She got a nickname among her peers of "Dark Wolf", or "Yesanith" in
Sylvan, due to her brutality when dealing with trespassers in Selesnya
Conclave.

***

Neia patrolled the southern forests when she saw signs of large band of goblins
deep in Conclave territory. Her instincts forced her to follow the tracks
under the dim light of the night stars.


