# Backstory

Name: Rozhe Enroris

Born in the chaotic times after the decamillenial celebration, she was raised
in a loving family of a decent status. During the relatively calm years of
10065 family decided to move away from the corrupt center of intrigue that
the Tenth District had became to Jezeru, a calm far away region, where their
family had a distant relative. Unfortunately on the road their caravan was
ambushed and all passengers were either killed either taken into slavery.
Rozhe, just 7 at that time was separated from her parents and the bandits kept
her for their own amusement.

She, from her early days, had a good ear and a captivating voice, so soon she
was able to gain some adoration among the ranks of bandits. She traveled with
them and lived with them as equal, entertaining and stealing, singing and
carousing.

It was autumn of 10071 when she finally caught the news about her lost family.
She wrote to the relatives living in Jezeru only to receive grim news that all
elves in the household had fallen gravely ill and died, including her father
who had just recently found his way back to civilisation. Together with the
letter she received her fathers Azorius signet and directions back to New Prahv
in Tenth District, to meet her father's partner Eroan Ulatris. Father's
handwritten letter instructed Eroan to take care after his girl and help her in
finding beloved wife and mother Ashera, who by the knowledge of late Frutes,
should be serving a family connected to inner circles of Orzhov.

Without saying anything to the bandits she was living with, she left before the
dawn. It took her full three years to travel back to New Prahv. Her road was
filled with danger, music, friends and foes. She survived using her cunning
wits and captivating music. Once back in the big city, she met with Eroan, who
employed Rozhe as his field agent, providing her a roof over her quite-nicely
matured young elven head.

Rozhe is now 17 years old, she is determined to find her mother Ashera.
