# Backstory

...

## Interlude with Neirius

Ah, what a day. Today you will perform in live show. Your skin is crawling with
excitement. You have been preparing for this show with your troupe members for
last two weeks. You will perform a splendid act and perhaps even spill some
blood in the name of Rakdos!

Ah, what a day it should have been. But it was by far not perfect. First, a
cage of cacklers broke loose, launching a premature panic among the crowd. Then
a Boros cleric exploded Beastmaster Gory's chest with some sort of powerbolt.
Then after the show had started Azorius officials appeared and began to
disperse the crowd do to "Equal something, section whichever". After I
protested I had been detained by a lawmage for "Disrupting the process of the
law". Then as my troupe teased the lawmage I got hit in the head pretty hard
and passed out in the street. When I woke up I was laying in the gutters, next
to a corpse of mutilated cackler. A Golgari reclaimer was poking a stick at me,
obviously unhappy that I woke up, he simply claimed the dead demon and returned
underground through an opening in the side of the alley. With my throbbing head
I stood up. Something fell out of my pocket. It was a letter. Stamped with
Izzet sign.

    Dear friend,
    Please meet me at my laboratory in The Blistercoils, between
    Sullemand's and Sunnix's before sun sets tonight.
    I beg for your help, Neirius

***

As I rushed to Blistercoils the sun was already down. I had no clear
understanding what time it was. Long shadows extended creepily from the light
posts. I was not a "friend" to Neirius in any way. He was my supplier for fire
and lightning gadgets. It was simply a waste to let him go. I knew he was
working on something dangerous, but at this point I did not care. I wanted to
spill some blood. And decided that whatever problem is bugging Neirius, it
could bleed pretty well. I made a left turn towards Sunnix, and came to a
broken door leading to Neirius lab.

--"Be torched!",- I frustratingly proclaimed.

As I stepped towards the lab something caught my attention.

A loxodon running at full speed. Carrying a body. Human body.

He made a sharp turn and disappeared in the shadows.

Now this will be interesting. I moved to the shadows and started trailing the
'phant.
