# Backstory

At my youth I was a drifter. While I was born and raised in Selesnya, I was not
the standard Selesnya material. My desire for knowledge drove me further into
the dangerous zone and out of calm and communal groves of Enclave. I hoped one
guild after another. I was silent and invisible scholar who spend days in
libraries or lectures. Since I had no ambition, nobody memorised me. That way
i spend decades in Azorius and Selesnya libraries. And I even bribed old
locksmith Manfred to show me the library of Orzhov Cathedral. Somewhere in
that cathedral i found a manuscript. And in that roll there was a prophesy:
"Only a great beast mastering the thunder clouds will know the recipe for true
immortality." This pushed me into the direction, for in my youthful ignorance i
imagined myself as that great beast.

***

"A phant in Izzet arctower?" She laughed "Keep your tusks inside, unless you
want to become lightnin rod"

Minerwa was a strict supervisor. And a crazy scientist. Like all of them in
Izzet guild. She never stopped teasing me about the lighting-phant though. Even
after we became close friends.

***

I remember that day quite often. And the question that i cant answer is always
through my mind: "was I always so reckless, or was it my life in Izzet that
made me so". Whatever the answer to this question is, that doesn't change what
happened.

I spend 2 years preparing for that experiment: a contraption that would allow
me to manipulate storm clouds and thunder. That would be the first step to
immortality!

On my 100th birthday Me and Minerwa were at my lab. I turned on the device and
the plan ended there. Three hours later i stumbled away from the district fire.
Tens of buildings were destroyed, and several people died, my lover included.

Great fires are not uncommon in Izzet, and it was impossible to determine where
the origin was, so nobody came looking for me. But my days in Izzet were over. 

In the fiery hell of district fire an angel appeared before me and led me to
safety. If not for her, my life would have ended there.

***

Traumatised, with my life and my hopes shattered I drifted around Ravnica
without any clear goal. However, couple days after the fire i raised my eyes
and realised that I'm in the place that i was seeking. No, not the groves of
Selesnya, they would take me, and nurture me, but that was not what i wanted.

I stood at the gates of Boros. The place where Angels walked besides the
mortal. I don't know the name of Angel that led me out of the fire, and I never
found her. i call her the nameless angel and she is the inspiration i follow. 

I spend decades as an acolyte in Boros, training in medicine and i even learned
some healing magic. However, recently, while praying to the Nameless, I invoked
lightning between my hands. And my childish dreams rekindled. 

This time the first step of prophesy is completed. Who could have though that
this would happen not though experiments in Arctower, but through devotion and
faith at the chapel of Boros?

Maybe I am "the great beast who masters the thunder clouds" after all?


