# Backstory

Decades ago Gulbrand, a vagabon blacksmith from eastern Rubblebelt, came across
an unnusual bundle in the natures cradle: two girls wrapped in red and blue
silk. He took the girls to a shaman of the Burning Tree Clan and asked if they
are villing to take them in. Shaman, a wise old woman, saw kindness in
Gulbrands char-black eyes sitting behind a lush beard and the tendernes in his
large muscular build. So she told ol' Gul that these two girls will be his
lifeblood and his legacy.

***

Girls grew up helping Gul with hunting, smithing and material collection.
Brenna was strong and virile, loved to swordplay and was straightforward as her
guardian, while Ylva was smaller in build, very agile and loved her Pa's
stories of old. So old Gulbrand, already having a solid century behind his
belt, sparred with girls during middays rest and in the evenings told his tales
about travels, distant lands, fierce batles, wars and gods.

As sisters got older and stronger it became aparent that Bren' was way more
muscular than her sister. She was better at tasks that Gulbrand was giving them
and soon enough she started dominating the sparrings among the girls. Brenna's
attacks were strong, fierce and decisive where Ylva had to rely on agility and
cunning. It took few years for Ylva to learn to use her agility against a
stronger oponent. When she was around eight years old when during a midday spar
she lost her weapon after failed parry from strong blow by her sister. Not
wanting to give up she grabbed her sisters extended arm and tuged her forward.
Girl went flying and smaller girl quickly dashed and landed atop her now
disarmed sibling. With lighting speed she grabbed a piece of sharp rock and
made a stabbing move towards the eyes of Brenna. Grandfather dropped his hammer
to interfere, but Ylva stopped the rock just a hair away from her sisters left
eye, before old Gul' could even say a word. Blood from cut Ylva's palm was
flowing down the sharp edge of the rock and dripping on Brenna's face but her
eyes were shimering with pride: finally Ylva managed to beat her sister in one
to one combat. Gulbrand picked up his hammer, spoke out with his deep voice
-"Enough for today, go wash"- and returned to his work grinning behind his gray
beard.

As a gift fot their tenth birthday Gulbrand forged two weapons. Both of master
crarftsmanship, both fitted for young warriors. A sword with an engraving of a
Bear for Brenna and a dagger with an image of a wolf for Ylva.

That’s the way they lived most of the time - working, having family meals,
training and every several months travelled to trade beyond the Rubblebelts in
the Tin Street. Until one day a group of Azorius enforcers came down to
Gulbrand's stall:

-"Illegal trading violating the Arbasus Argeement, Volume 3, Article 53"-
official declared. -"Fuck off"- Gul' snapped back. In official tone enforcer
continued: -"You are beeing taken to custody for disrespecting the authority of
Azorius"-, to which Gruul Blacksmith replied: -"Make me!"

Ol' Gul' make quite a show dislodging at least two jaws before a lawmage bound
him down with a spell. His last words to the girls, who were watching him from
behind the cart, was to "Run and hide from them!" And so they did.

Gulbrand never came back from where he was taken. Girls were left alone in the
middle of Ravnica.

Brenna found home in marauding clans of Gruul and had joined a party of
mercenaries.

Ylva never prefered company, so she stuck to herself most of the time and chose
the backalleys of Ravnika as her home. In the streets she became known as Nai
by the Golgari, Najwa by Orzhov, Nadja by Rakdos... She changed names like the
moon changed faces, as she figured it was best to keep her real identity to
herself, her sister, and her old man Gulbrand.

She was attractive, but no one could really remembered her face. That alone was
enough for her to survive in the rough cityscape. Combined with her agility and
swiftness she was able to “borrow” items from travelers, merchants and
sometimes even shady types. Ylva learned to dress according to “occasion” from
a "friend" she found among Rakdos and use that disquise to get into places she
would otherwise never get into. Then she would get what she need or even have a
nice dinner somewhere and disappear without anyone even knowing that she was
there. Along with the trinkets she collected, she gathered knowledge about
other people, giving her an edge when it came to deal with "problematic"
individuals.

But among her items there was only one that she really valued - the wolf
dagger. She used it rarely, but efficiently and it took as many lives as was
necesary to keep her own life and secrets.


## Interlude Nai and Neirius

Two years ago Nai got into a shady deal with Izzet Machinist Zirzet. Zirzet was
dealin' in "decomisioned" Izzet equipment and he needed reliable partner to
acquire a particular Circular Energy Bleed Shaft. Nai took the job for the zibs
and flawlesly executed her part of the deal, stealing it, along with few other
gizmos from an Izzet caravan. Deal was done, zibs crossed hands and Nai thought
this will be the last time she saw Zirzet. But the goblin remembered her skills
soon after. So he reached out again. And again. And again. This was a
lucrative partnership for both, the shady goblin and the discreet girl. One
time Zirzet called to meet him in the Ismeri Library. Nai came to the agreed
shelf and found Zirzet talking with a tall and slender human. He introduced
her to one of his clients, a researcher named Neirius, and asked her to aquire
yet another gizmo for him. It took a few weeks of carefull planning and
tracking until Nai managed to snatch it from a working private laboratory in
the depths of Izzet underground works. The complexity of the job was rewarded
with hefty sum of platinum Orzhov minted zinos. Which, naturaly, sparked an
interest in whatever Neirius was doing with that amount of money on hand.

