# The overgrown hut

Just outside the old ramparts, close to Murken brook, a hut barely visible
under thick verdure stands. Old Winstan the Shepherd and Granny Linnéa the
Herbalist who both are well known to all, young and old of Barhof, have spent
most of their lives around the hut in question. Even though the couple have no
kids of their own, childish giggling can be often heard from behind the hut.
Every child in the town knows that Old Winstan tells the best tales and Granny
Linnéa has sweets and tea. Older girls come to Linnéa to learn a thing or two
about plants while older boys follow Winstan to the pastures and listen to his
stories. Younger kids just like the mystical atmosphere and the lush labyrinths
that surround this hut.

# The elderly

Old Winstan, well known to all farmers in the surrounding fields, and relied
upon whenever there is a need to help with sick sheep or other animals, has
gray hair, long messy beard, two small eyes hiding behind thick eyebrows and a
larger than average nose, which allows Old Winstan to snore with great acoustic
power, about which legends are told. His snoring is so great and powerful, that
all sheep of Bardhof seem to orient themselves around the snoring Winstan. When
he wakes up in the afternoon, under his favourite old willow tree, all sheep in
the surrounding pastures align for herding back to town. There were countless
incidents of sheep returning to town on their own, just because Winstan was
woken early by some unnatural event.

Granny Linnéa, the sole authority for herbs and plants, even despite her age
has kept youthful spark in her eyes. She has a long blond braid, kind face and
a caring sight, she will always comfort children who come to her with their
little bruises or young ladies with their misfortunes. Linnéa spends her days
caring after her overwhelming plant collection, which should make even the best
herbalists in the University of Archipelago blush in shame. She sells most of
her herbs to local innkeepers, for Bardhof is one of the only places in all of
Ironfire, where you could get a cup of hot tea in the afternoon. Naturally her
herbs are in high demand by mages across Ironfire, so she always has a spare
coin, which she mostly spend on sweets. Those delights end up in stomaches of
the youngest, but her generosity is not forgotten as kids grow up.

