# Caravan Catastrophe

You, a seasoned group of adventurers, decided to cross The Depraved Wastes.
Your goal - the bustling metropolis of Demonbreach. An ancient city covered in
legends about vast riches one could acquire in it. Your spirits are high as you
pay the caravan guide to take you across to the land beyond the barren
wasteland.

The very next morning you depart. On the way you acquaint with an interesting
party of four, not unlike your own. They are traveling to a forgotten city of
Temelpa, to fulfill a rather weird request. They have been entrusted with a
gold encrusted chest from a deranged wizard. Their goal is to deliver the item
to the Grand Exsanguinator, Ruler of Temelpa and Apex of the Crimson Ziggurat.

During the second day of your travel party gives their goodbyes over the
morning ration and departs south-west. You continue along with the caravan
towards Demonbreach. Night comes peacefully riding in a wagon. Few hours into
the night you hear a loud shout:

>> "AMBUSH!!!"

You quickly gather your fighting gear, peer outside and evaluate the dire
situation. A horde of Gnolls attacked the caravan. They are tearing through
the defenses like hot wind. There are wagons lit on fire. Dead bodies are
scattered throughout the camp. In tight group you fight your way out of the
encircling ring of armed dog-like creatures and disappear into the cold night
with whatever little supplies you managed to snag on the way.

You run through the night, away from the blood thirsty howling. Yet the howling
seems to come closer every time you rest, as if they were right on your heels.
For a day, a night and another day you were running from a pack of detached
gnolls. You counted at least 20 when you saw them in the distance. You are
exhausted, hungry and dehydrated, but the gnolls seem as if they could lope
forever.

As the sun touches the horizon, you crest a ridge and see an ancient city
spread before you. Much of it lies in ruins, but many structures remain. Among
those rubble-filled streets and stone buildings, you could fend off any number
of gnolls for as long as your food and water hold out.

# Temelpa

Long ago, this must have been a major metropolis with tens of thousands of
residents. The city is surrounded by a stone wall ten meters high and almost
five meters thick, with one major gateway nearest you. The walls have crumbled
down into easily-crossed heaps of rubble at two other spots along the wall far
to your left and right. Near the center of the city lies a vast, open plaza,
and beyond that, a towering ziggurat built of red stone. An arena for sports or
other public events stands to the right of the plaza, and a second ziggurat --
smaller than the first but still impressive -- rises along the right side of
the city, near that wall.

