# Session log
__2014 12 05__

## Finished quests
  * ["Hole Below"](./01_Hole_Below.md)
  * ["Trapped Above"](./01_Trapped_Above.md)

## Attempted quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)
  * ["House Cleaning"](./02_House_Cleaning.md)

## "Rise and Shinin' Miners"
The adventurers woke up to a casual morning at "Trlghrr's". Not too bright,
not too nice, and not too smelly. After a brief discussion they left the inn
to search for the oldest miner from the Sparkling Hills. After chit chatting
with local merchants (and eating a delicious cucumber) they were directed to
Miner's Block. There they asked politely which miner was the oldest one, and
were pointed to a muscular elder who was still in his morning willies.
After some smalltalk, they invited the elder to some booze at the "Cut Barrel
Inn". Their proposal was rejected due to close proximity of miners wife.
Elder insisted on going nowhere near his wife and so the party landed in
"Hook's and Stiffen's". After a round of drinks and some local stew miner
opened up about the mines and what has been happening lately. Adventurers
found out more about the old mines, miner even described their layout in
rough detail. They also learned that new mines dug up to Ancients Tunnels,
and that there is no way to enter the tunnels by force. "They are bloody
solid. Not even those pesky fire mages could do anything." -- miner said.
After such a nice talk with the friendly old miner, as the adventurers stood
up to leave, miner asked to do a little errand. They had to deliver a little
package to his friend blacksmith in the Twins. Package was opened and
inspected, finding nothing of obvious value, party delivered it to the
blacksmith. As a reward blacksmith offered to sharpen one weapon, but
heroes refused.

## "¿Dónde está la casa de putas"
Party decided to find the Blacksteel newbies from yesterday. As many
adventurers do, they too have decided to fuck some whores in case they had
some valuable information regarding their quest, meaning of live and the
universe itself. And as many whores do, they fucked quite vigorously and
stayed discreet about the universe. Actually it should be noted that only
Tyla Nuttela actively participated in this endeavour, others just stood there
and watched (perhaps they masturbated, but this was done too discretely for
anyone to notice). After the party payed up, they left for an inn, where most
Blacksteels spend their hard earned coins. Soon enough they were sitting next
to the escaped youngster, who once again was freaked out by the trio. Party
interrogated the poor fella, getting only fearful responses, and no valuable
information. His partner on the other hand, appeared to be more drunk and
more brave. Party learned that there is a band of The Forgotten, forming a
camp just outside of Lucy's Orchards. After a few more rounds of local ale,
the mighty adventurers and their badger were brave enough to venture into
'Ye Olde Mines'.

## "It's dark in here"
Party navigated to mine complex 'C' from where they thought the forgotten had
originated. Adventurers carefully ventured forward into the darkness. Then
they remembered that they know about a technological achievement called
'fire'. From that point the adventurers carefully ventured forward into dimly
lit darkness. On their way they scavenged an old lamp full of oil and merrily
continued their path into a better lit darkness. Tunnel ended in a spiral ramp
along a side of huge underground cavern. Cavern was too deep to see its bottom
from the top, where the adventurers stood. Party continued along the mining
cart rails, spiraling and descending. Soon they noticed the exit from the pit,
at the very bottom. There was a dim blueish light coming out of the adit to
deeper mines. A loudening monotonic noise came from that direction, so
adventurers dimmed their lights and sneaked into the light. At tunnel fork
they had three choices, middle tunnel was wide and lit by blueish light.
Both left and right tunnels were smaller and dark. Adventurers bravely went
directly to the source of the light and sound. The light seeped into the
tunnel through a huge crack in the right wall. The sound appeared to be
a huge creature moving back and forth behind the crack, covering the light
with its dark figure. For some unknown reason Tyla Nuttela aimed at the
creature through the crack and released an arrow before the party decided on
anything better. Frustrated roar came out from the other side and a furious
eye stared through the crack. Raging beast started smashing the crack with
all its might, trembling the tunnel and cracking stones off the sides of the
crack. Party quickly fled the tunnel as the creature continued slamming its
way out through the crack. As adventurers regrouped in the bottom of the
cavern, trembling sound confirmed that the creature is free and started
raging towards the puny humans (and orc) who have disturbed its peace.
Tyla, now holding the lantern climbed slightly upwards the slope and prepared
for the fight. Orc bravely stood his ground and readied his ax, while Garret
Thunder unsheathed his katana and prepared to leap on the creature.
As the creature entered the dimly lit cavern, adventurers identified it as a
battle ready ogre. It had pieces of metal armor strapped on various locations
of its body, none of which could provide any armor due to their condition.
At this moment Tyla extinguished the lantern, leaving the cavern in brief
darkness as the ogre covered nearly all the light coming from the tunnel.
Ogre attacked the first shiny metal target it could find -- the orc. Orc
dodged by leaping sideways, letting the ogre slam its pretty face into hard
rock wall behind. Both Tyla and Garret had to dodge the incoming meat
mountain, since they stood somewhere behind the orc. After the dust from
the impact settled and Tyla could orient herself, she saw as Garret smashed
the lantern into the ogre's shoulder, covering it with oil. Orc took his
chance and started chopping at the left leg of the ogre while all its rage
was focused on Garret. Few flaming arrows flew past the ogre as Garret was
chopping huge belly and dodging enormous fists. Unfortunately Garret's
luck ran out as he stumbled and received a full blow to his chest which
threw him off the mine-cart tracks into a dark corner of the cavern.
Orc was nearly done with the leg as the ogre turned around and gracefully
fell down a little rock step, finally breaking its left leg in the process.
Orc chopped at the ogre some more, but the final blow was delivered by
raging Thunder, who split the ogre's skull with a leap and slash from above.

After the battle has ended, badger shown that there are some shiny stones in
the belly of the beast, which quickly ended in the bag together with the
badger. The trio quickly looked around the little room behind the crack
and found only a shining hovering blue artifact in the middle. It released
a flashy wave and stopped shining and hovering on human touch. Party packed
everything and hurried back to heal their injured member.

## "You look... NOT splattered"
Party healed their wounded at the local orc shaman, who when prompted about
shining blueish item aggressively drove the party out oh his tent. Party
stopped for a few rounds of beer in the local inn (The cosy Trlghrr's).
There they were approached by a shady grey figure with such words:

    "I need your help... You are in grave danger... Follow..."

As the figure left, party tried to follow. Party has been led past the mines
to a narrow ravine. Next to the ravine they found a freshly mutilated corpse
of a weak forgotten. As the grey figure has disappeared for good, party
returned to Trlghrr's for night rest. First thing in the morning they returned
to the ravine. After some inspection they carefully walked across it, and
ended up in a nice little valley, with a dark cottage and a tower in the
middle. Bravely the knocked on the cottage door. Suspicious old man opened
the door and seemed quite irritated:

    "How did You get here?"
    "We were followi..."
    "Through were did You get here?"
    "Through the ravine."
    "Huh?"

Old man squished through the party and silently walked up the path to the
ravine. He touched the stone and stood still for a while. Nothing apparent
happened. Then he touched Quark's face. Gently pinching his skin.

    "You look... Alive..." - muttered the old man.

As they walked back to the hut, the old man thawed a bit and started
answering questions. The old man had been a true goldmine to the party.
Firstly they inquired about the gray figure which had lead them here,
then they learned some history about the Ancients and their achievements,
most notably the trans-planet transportation system. The party also learned
that the piece of glowing artifact they retrieved from the mines is actually
a shard from "Time Core", which, as the Gate Keeper (so the man identified
himself) told, has not been broken the last time he checked...  And party
also learned that this particular planet is gifted with two Cores instead
of one. Because of Elves. The old mage proposed a deal to the party:
Each shard they bring to the mage will be worth 250 coins. As the party
left, the old mage shouted from a distance and threw a bundle at the party.
Bundle contained Ancient artifact, which (as Thunder and Garret decided while
loudly discussing with himself) is an Ancient door handle.

## Slaughter the creeps
Party then continued with their main task: Clear the surroundings or Twinkle
from the menace of the forgotten. As they had the knowledge of a forgotten
camp nearby, they went to investigate. As they spied on the camp, they saw
some utterly brainless forgotten as usual, but they also saw that some
forgotten have built primitive defences and are following orders from a
single relatively good looking ancient commander. The party realized they
need some backup to slaughter the creeps, so they returned to Blacksteel
Captain and asked for some manpower.
As the night fell band of warriors approached the camp. The camp was nearly
abandoned, only a handful of wandering forgotten were left. One of the heroes
quickly sent more than half of the men back to the city, to warn the Captain
about missing enemy and to prepare the Twinkle defences. Remaining warriors
quickly slaughtered what was left of the forgotten.

## Detour
With their shiny door handle party rushed to the door of the Ancients. Behind
those doors they found some underground tunnels which contained strange
room sized contraptions and magical wall lights. After wandering around for
a decent amount of time, they surfaced in the same valley where the Gate
Keeper lived. Then they travelled back to the lone tower near Ye Olde Mines.
From there they heard war horns of approaching army. Forgotten led by the
same general party saw earlier marched towards Twinkle. Party quickly
travelled back to the old mage and asked for assistance. While initial
request was received with sarcasm and ignorance, party managed to raise
some curiosity inside the old mage so that he travelled out of his valley
and observed the approaching army. The Gate Keeper told an old story about
an orcish army that got lost about a 150 years ago. And now the army appeared
on the doorstep of Twinkle. Having said that, the mage turned around and
went back to mind his own business, clearly stating that he has no interest
in this battle.

