#Session log
__2015 02 03__

##Finished quests
  * ["House Cleaning"](./02_House_Cleaning.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)
  * ["Gaana the Hospitable"](./05_Gaana_the_Hospitable.md)

##"Sneaky as an elephant"
  As the sun was setting down, adventurers decided they have to kill the
  General of the forgotten army. They traveled a little up the stream of
  Twinkle and camped for the night near the ford. As the glimering corner
  of Su shown itself from the cover of Tenebris Mountains, adventurers set out
  to ambush the camp. As they crosed the river and traveled a little in the
  lush valey between dark peaks, a ragged orcish raiding party spotted them.
  Three of them broke away and ganged towards the heroes. Soon enough the
  adventurers were surrounded and the battle broke out. Battle was quick
  but bloody. Garret Thunder took a spear right through his favourite thight.
  Resisting the pain, Garret struck down one of the raiders and injured
  another, while Quark and Tyla finished them of. The remaining raiders turned
  around when they saw what happened to their comrades. Adventurers quickly
  tied the most alive orc to the back of the tuk, saddled and rode off.
  Orcs continued chasing across the river and up the valey road. As the woods
  thickened heroes turned around and fought the orcs with all their might.
  Swiftly the orcs were beaten, unfortunately none of them survived to be
  questioned. Party members rode up the road to the nearest vilage.

##"We can stil do this"
  In the vilage, injured Garret Thunder's leg was bandaged and as Su peeked
  the skies, party had another plan. They decided to infiltrate enemy camp
  using their own personal orc as an enemy soldier. The plan was sound, the
  execution was swift, and so they stood in the generals tent. Well, the orc
  stood. Garret and Tyla knelt before a mighty looking orc. General had no
  use of prisoners, so an order to hang them was given. Quark wanted to do this
  chore, but two other guards insisted on seeing the humans (who presumably
  killed 5 orcs) fight to the death in their little show ring. Both guards knew
  this had to remain hidden from the general, who did not appreciate detours
  during siege of an enemy city. As five of them left the tent, orcs tried to
  expose their plan to Quark, but their throats were ripped open, emitting only
  blood and silent gargle. But this noise caught the generals attention, who
  now stood with his axe unsheathed in the doorway of his tent. Quark charged
  forward, pushing the general to his tent. Trio with only _some_ injuries
  managed to slay the mighty orc. Then most of the injuries became apparent as
  Garret Thunder stumbled and hardly kept his balance. There were several
  deep cuts in his chest and his left arm appeared to be incapacitated too.
  Yet the warrior stood upright with dedication and madness in his eyes.
  Tyla noticed several hovering shards above the table and rushed to take
  them. As the shards connected absolute darkness covered the adventurers.

##"Quark ponders that it is not too bright to smash relics together"
  As they lit their torches, Garret slowly bled. Quick inspection revealed
  that they are in the tent (or at least in the most of the tent), which was
  abruptly relocated to some place underground. A hole in the spherical shaped
  remains of the tent led the party outside to a crater. They stood at the
  very bottom, while Garret soaked in blood, which by the looks of it did not
  bother Garret at all. Tyla ran up the side to scout around, but she saw only
  dark gray wasteland, covered in ashes and gigantic glass shards. Small glass
  pieces crackled under the feet. As the bottom of the crater had another white
  tunnel, which could be entered and the Su and Un were just rising(!) from the
  distant mountain peeks, party led by Quark (which took generals head with him)
  submerged into the tunnels of the ancients. At the end of a long slightly
  descending tunnel an oval room stood in absolute silence. Middle of the room
  had a huge monolithic table growing out of the floor. There was an old book
  placed on the edge. As the party read, they uncovered the ancient events
  which took place in this very location. As they read further they received
  precise instructions how to operate the table looking monolith and how to open
  the door in the far side of the room. They were not rushing at all (Garret
  was in no hurry. He passed out a while ago, and Quark carried him) until they
  read out that golems (huge glass golems) could trap them in this room any
  second. Panic rose within seconds as glass chinks resonated from the dark
  tunnel behind them. With haste they followed the instructions and light from
  behind the doors filled the room. Quickly they ran into the light and were
  met by a human figure.

##"I am incapable of leaving You alive"
  Humanly figure was made from ancient machinery. It looked rugged and old
  while everything around was in tip top shape (as all ancient ruins). When
  prompted, the figure greeted the party and offered its assistance as a guide
  to this place. While it talked the party wandered around the huge dome,
  stuffed with unidentifiable ancient machinery. When the guide was asked about
  any living humans to pass by recently, it pointed to a huge hole in the wall
  which by all means appeared to be blasted out by an enormous power. As
  adventurers approached the exit, they suddenly felt not welcome any more.
  When they turned around, instead of a single creature, there was a wall
  of creatures. The verbose one insisted that it must kill them because now
  organic travelers know about this place. Without any other encouragement
  party disappeared in the dark tunnel (again).

##"Gardens of Gaana"
  On the other side party was met by singing birds and silent trees, blue
  eyed kids playing with blue eyed animals. Tranquility and hospitality
  from the blue eyed people surprised the adventurers. But they had an injured
  member, who needed to be taken care of. As Garret Thunder was left in the
  hands of local shaman, Tyla and Quark explored the gardens with a lovely
  woman, who called herself 'The Mother'.
  ... to be continued ...

