#Session log
__2015 02 24__

##Finished quests
  * ["Gaana the Hospitable"](./05_Gaana_the_Hospitable.md)
  * ["Ripples from beyond"](./04_Ripples_from_beyond.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)

##"Gardens of Gaana"
  ... continued ...
  As Thunder Garret was treated to good health by local shaman, Tyla and Quark
  scouted around all accessible areas within the Village of Tranquility. All
  they could find, is that most of the people lived in 'The Park' and worked in
  the fields (large dome connected to the park dome, market dome and had one
  closed door leading to unknown location). 'The Market' was a six exit dome,
  with a large circular area in the middle. Buildings were 2-4 stories high,
  and most of center facing houses had huge windows on first floor. One of
  tunnels from 'The Market' led to dome full of ancient technology. None of
  the visible technology made any sense to anyone, neither inhabitants, neither
  Tyla or Quark. After a good night rest Tyla and Quark decided to visit Garret
  and were quite surprised to see him up and well (even after the injuries he
  had). They quickly noticed that Garret's eyes turned bright blue, identical
  to eyes of other inhabitants. But disregarding that, Garret felt great and
  was eager to get out of this underground prison. As the party approached
  the Mother for what they thought will be a long persuasion to let them out,
  mother nearly instantly replied:
    I am intrigued by the surface world, which, as Garret shown me, is no
    longer hostile, nor aware of our existance. I would gladly let you out,
    yet I may not, since there is no exit from this place. Only entry is
    guarded by the golems and they let noone out.
  Party members were granted a permission to look around wherever they want,
  since all are Gaana's children. Another search through the accessible areas
  yielded no results. Garret suddenly felt deep in his soul, that they should
  go back to the Mother as quickly as possible. He carefully spoke his mind to
  others. All agreed.

##"Help from the 'Controller'"
  As party retuned from fruitless search back to park dome, they noticed
  commotion near the entrance to the factory. As they entered the circle of
  people, they were greeted by the Mother, which quickly explained that one
  golem came out from the tunnels this morning and required audience with the
  three of them. As they approached, golem spoke:
    Commanded to lead you out. Work is pending.
  Without any ado, the golem started slowly limp across the dome. Party members
  bombarded the golem with bunch of questions, to which the golem tried to
  reply, yet not every answer was completely understood. At one point the
  golem even spoke in another, ancient, language, because it had no other
  way to explain what it had to say. Apparently this particular golem was
  unique since it could talk in current common tongue. That is one of the
  reasons it was in such terrible mechanical condition. No one could repair
  it and it refused to power down because 'Controller' forbid it. Order to lead
  the party out was also issued by the 'Controller'. Golem reached a panel near
  one of currently closed doors and stood still for a while. In a moment the
  door unlocked and slid away, revealing a half lit, plain and unremarkable
  tunnel. Half way through the tunnel golem stopped and showed a door leading
  to a circular shaft, surrounded by stairway leading up. Shaft was unlit.
    Up.
  Golem spoke abruptly and appeared tired, if that can be said about golems.
  Party did not want to leave just yet and wandered around newly opened areas
  of this underground city. Apparently it was HUGE. They walked for miles
  underground, reached a district which appeared to be filled with residential
  buildings, walked through an alley with huge statues leading to a circular
  dome, which had (different from others) a dark ceiling on one side. Stars
  were visible on the dark side of the dome. For some reason, one of them
  decided to urinate on the largest and the most beautiful building in the
  dome. In a blink of an eye they were surrounded by completely silent golem
  guards, which only by their sheer presence drove the party away from the
  building and down the alley they came from. Soon after this party returned
  to the stairway. The stairs ended up on a mountaintop, in a round pavilion
  with all walls made from thin metal bars. The pavilion looked like a huge
  birdcage with a single door leading outside.

##"'Round the world"
  Thunder, Tyla and Quark stood on the mountains and were deciding where should
  they travel. Their attention was caught by a noisy dust cloud which covered a
  large part of Dead Valley. Clangs and glassy jingles were audible even this
  far away so adventurers decided to avoid the place for the time being.
  Decision to travel to locations that could contain more time shards was
  accepted and they ventured downhill.
  They visited northeast marker on the map they got, found a spherical hole
  which confirmed that a shard was definitely there and a week old footprints
  which confirmed that a horde of forgotten have stampeded through a valley.
  One more location yielded similar results. No shard, just several week old
  tracks. After this fruitless search in the mountains party decided to go back
  to Twinkle, visiting remaining two markers along the way. And everyone agreed
  on NOT checking out the crater, which has already gone quiet.

##"Who lives in a shack in a middle of nowhere?"
  Along the old road to Naori a dark, old shack stood. A plain lass greeted
  the travelers and shared her food with them. When inquired about nearby
  artifact location she said that her husband and son are working in the forest
  nearby, they should know more about anything that is happening in the woods.
  And so the party finished their meals, thanked the nice lady and ventured to
  the dark forest. After a short walk in the direction lady pointed they
  encountered a lone figure in strange armor.
  It stood guard by an unremarkable pine tree. Warrior lowered his spear and
  shouted towards the incoming party:
    Œ! Lises' mi!
  Party stood surprised as other two figures appeared from the forest and
  surrounded then.

##"Vos hat nor pasirn?"
  Liane realized that he is staring at a pine tree. He just could not tell
  how long has he spent dazing at the tree bark before trembling voice of
  Mialoy has snapped him out of the shock.
    What happened?
  Liane had no answer. He looked around. The three of them stood in an
  unknown forest. Trees seemed neglected and unfamiliar. Birds were singing
  incomprehensible songs. And one thing for sure -- the Great Tree has
  disappeared. "No, this can not be. Trees do not disappear by themselves..." -
  Liane thought to himself - "It must be some sort of teleportation spell which
  affected us three. But how could such magic be triggered when our mages had
  protected the Great Tree for ages with magic and spells that reach beyond
  imagination...?"
    We have been teleported, we need to find a way back. Feilir, scout east.
    Mialoy, scout west. Return before sunset.
  Mialoy, the youngest of them hesitated for a moment, then hastily disappeared
  among the trees. Feilir without showing any emotion obeyed the command of the
  officer. Liane decided to use this time to contemplate the surroundings.
  Maybe he could find out where they are. As he touched the scarce forest floor
  strange voices came from south west. He lowered his spear and shouted at
  three figures which just came out of the tree shadow:
    Halt! What are you!?
  The trio froze for a moment. Mialoy and Feilir silently surrounded the
  unsuspecting intruders. Two humans and an orc tensed up. Feilir repeated the
  question in human tongue:
    Who are we? Where are you?
  Orc with a surprised mimic on his face responded:
    You are elves. In a forest near Twinkle. What are you doing here?
  Then in half voice told his comrades:
    I have not seen an elf in my entire life... I just heard stories from a
    shaman. They supposedly abandoned this place millenia ago...
  Liane was still unable to determine the weight of this situation. He needed
  to return back to his post guarding the Great Tree. He quickly evaluated three
  opponents. It appeared that the odds were in their favour. He could quickly
  take down at least two of them. The orc on the other hand appeared to be more
  of a threat. He decided to talk this out since the party did not act hostile
  towards them. Even the orc was speaking instead of skull bashing, which was
  quite different from the casual encounters, which end up in bloodbath.
  Liane tried to find any insignia on the armor of the party. Apart from the
  obvious fact that they belonged together to the same military squad, no
  visual clues were telling to which Human Corporate they were loyal to.
  And the armor and weaponry were... Strange... Not to mention the fact that
  two humans were traveling along with an orc... Maybe they are renegades...
    Who are you loyal to?
  Human with two swords spoke out:
    Who are you? What are you doing here? Why should we answer your questions?
  Elf realized that there was no authority among them. They were mere outlaws.
    We are Royal Elven Guard. We need to contact your local authority.
    Can You lead us to nearest city-state of Human Corporate?
  Orc intervened:
    Twinkle town is near. We are traveling in that direction.
  Mialoy asked out loud:
    What is this place? Why the trees are so silent?
  Human with a bow answered:
    This is Raagna, forest near the town of Twinkle, just a while from the old
    road to Naori. Are you really elves?
  Mialoy and the human conversed about this location in detail while Liane made
  a decision to travel with this weird party. He quickly talked with his
  subordinates and went ahead. While they reached the road Mialoy talked with
  humans. Apparently they were quite shocked to see elves in this place.
  If what they were telling was true -- the Royal Guards have just been
  transported in time. Not quite sure to what time or where exactly, but the
  sheer thought made the Commander feel uneasy. It must have been unbelievable
  magic at work here. Which means that The Great Tree is in danger. Liane
  focused on getting towards Twinkle as soon as possible.

##"Terror bringer"
  Elves hurried along the road in front of the remaining party. They seemed
  anxious about getting to Twinkle as fast as possible. Suddenly a shady figure
  appeared in front of three elves and with a gesture forced them to the ground.
  After a moment of silence figure disappeared just as quickly as it appeared.

  Elves were trembling. Everyone felt uneasy.

  Elves shot up to their feet and without any warning attacked the party.
  Tyla, Garret and Quark defended their lives against raging elves. They were
  fighting like some of those forgotten party has encountered earlier yet
  they were twice as fast and twice as fierce. The fight ended almost as fast
  as it started. Sudden silence fell on the three heavily breathing warriors.
  Before Garret and Quark could recollect what has just happened, Tyla was
  already munching on one of the struck down elf ears. Tyla noticed others
  staring at her:
    What?
  Quark grunted:
    Nothing...
  Elven bodies were no longer young and pretty as they were before. They have
  transformed to the forgotten in a matter of seconds. Party scavenged what
  they found useful from the dead bodies and quickly traveled along the road.
  They met the nightfall a few hours till the passage across the mountains.
  ... to be continued ...
