#Session log
__2015 06 18__

##Finished quests
  * ["Peek into the Void"](./05_Peek_into_the_Void.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Meet the Guardians"](./06_Meet_the_Guardians.md)
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)

##"Sleeping in the woods"
  Adventurers were sleeping so deeply that they did not heard the approaching
  danger. The danger this time was a band of bandits, which was lead by a blunt
  fella who was destined to make an generous offer to the adventurers and
  therefore required some attention. And it appeared like a bright idea at that
  time to wake up the adventurers by stepping upon badger. The shriek of a scared
  badger quickly rose the adventurers on their feet with weapons readied. Orc was
  particularly pissed by the sheer presence of a filthy human above his beloved
  badger.

  Gang leader abruptly demanded: “This forest belongs to me and you are
  trespassing it. Therefore you must pay a toll. Pay it and you may go in peace.”
  One of the adventurers politely inquired what was the toll to which the
  stranger answered that it was all their belongings.

  When adventurers, feeling bold since they had no idea that most of the gang is
  hiding among the trees, refused this generous offer. With these words four ax
  wielding fighters jumped behind the leader and nine archers stepped out from
  the shadows. Orc with little consent buried his great axe in the filthy human
  releasing his beloved badger from underneath. And so the fight broke off.

  Tyla Nutella was still sleepy, thus an arrow from first salvo launched at the
  adventurers dug deeply into her chest. Consequently, Tyla collapsed from the
  pain. She crawled behind a tree and that was all the fighting she did for that
  moment.

  Garret Thunder, the Keeper of Minds, the Raging Berserker, the Insane
  Blasphemer and the Collector of Poorly Designed Titles had better luck during
  that fight. He managed to decapitate several bandits. However, as the tide of
  battle was swaying in their favour his overconfidence drove him into grave
  situation. He got wounded by two well placed hits and collapsed to the ground
  without conscience.

  Quark, the Orc, the Ingenious, the Fortress (a.k.a. the Orc Tin Can) stood as
  the real hero (or unmovable steel statue, as one could say cheating a bit) of
  this fight. He was slowly wailing from one bandit to another halving them with
  his axe. Even witnessing their weapons deal no damage to the orc inside his
  massive plate armor the bandits continued to fight. Orc with great might and
  agility transformed bandits to bloody mutilated flesh. As most of the attackers
  were laying by the orcish feet, scared remainder fled the battlefield.

  While triumphant, Quark realised that both his comrades were badly injured.
  While Tyla was bleeding all over the place, at least she could move and was
  conscious. Garret was dying in a pool of his own blood. Quark and Tyla spent
  several minutes staring and arguing harshly what should be done while Garret
  dreaming about a great lush forests and his nonexistant Gaana children.

##"Meeting the guardians"
  After numerous curses and prayers a thin hope in the form of an old lady
  appeared. It was the same lady which treated them earlier with some warm food
  and a shelter. This time she bandaged the injured and suggested moving as fast
  as possible towards Twinkle, which was only half-a-day away. She refused to go
  along, as she was searching for her missing husband and son. Tyla was able to
  walk with some trouble and Quark was instructed to make a stretcher for Garrets
  collapsed body. They hastily (as fast as injured archeress could move) rushed
  towards the safety and warmth of black masonry of Twinkle. Garret during that
  time was fighting death on his own. His life was hanging on a thin line.

  Few exhausting hours later Quark saw two figures on the road. He had no time to
  contemplate whether they are friend or foe, he shouted at them for assistance.
  As the figures approached their silhouettes took shape. A young boy accompanied
  an old grey-headed geezer. Boy rushed to the near-death Garret and quickly
  casted a healing spell. While the spell did not miraculously heal the fighter
  to full health, it helped him to regain consciousness. Boy helped Tyla as much
  as he could too. Only then some introductions took place. As the Blacksteels
  introduced themselves, old man sighted in relief. Aparently these two were
  looking for the party and were traveling to the Valley of Death with hope to
  come across these particular adventurers.

  All the five reached the Twinkle alive (well..., mostly) an ingenious
  suggestion was made -- to leave the wounded to be cared after by orcish
  shamans, while discussing how (and why) should the adventurers help out these
  two strangers. Finally the strangers introduced themselves. They were the
  Protectors of the Gates, people who look after, protect and gather knowledge
  about ancient artifacts known as ‘the gates’. These two are looking and
  gathering the same shards as the party, thus are interested in all pieces that
  these adventurers have. After some negotiation and citing of an elder protector
  (the grandmother of the old geezer), party was persuaded to give up their
  shards in order to collect them in one place and repair the ‘Time Core’, or as
  the elder called it in the forgotten language “Laiko Šerdis”.

##"Peeking into the VOID"
  The next morning adventurers were led to the basement of an ordinary house in
  the depths of Twinkle. Room under the building was full of books. It had no
  ordinary furniture, just books. Books were ordered in stacks and piles and
  heaps and towers and rows and boxes and shelves and arcs and every other
  imaginable way. It was hard to understand how someone could find anything
  useful among that mess, but the inhabitants appeared to be quite knowledgeable
  about the contents of all those tomes. The middle of the room had some space
  not covered in books left. While now most of that space was occupied by shards
  flying mid air in a spherical fashion. Shards were circling around in a random
  manner, glowing dimly. Young boy insisted on carefully placing the newly
  brought shards into the sphere. As the second shard was released pieces started
  moving a little faster. Some suddenly connected among each other. Party stood
  with grave anticipation of what will happen next. As the last rogue piece
  connected the object in the middle of the room brightly flashed. A gentle
  breeze followed and the room stood completely dark and silent.

    “Will someone finally light up some fire!?” -- the youngster complained

  As the torches and lights on the walls were rushingly lit none of the party
  members seemed surprised that the spherical object is no more. They just
  grunted in discontent. The old man declared:

    “Well, thats that. Let’s go eat.”

  Members of the party uttered some questions, yet the old man just shrugged and
  walked towards the exit. Garret and Tyla decided to go along. Youngster and
  Quark stayed in the ‘library’ to find some information about what just
  happened. As the geezer stepped out through the stairwell he called his nephew
  outside to witness the great vast VOID. Orc got out of the room together, since
  he did not like the sensation of plunging within a confined space. Others
  realizing that their little piece of ground is actually declining to a sea of
  purple spikes quickly hoped to other pieces of declining matter in order to
  safely land on a nearest spike. As they did their heroic run they witnessed as
  other spherical shaped parts of Twinkle smashed the ground with great force and
  ruptured the glassy looking ground. When the party finally landed on a stable
  surface they looked around. Old man spoke the wise words of his grandmother:

    “Kai papulsi in tuštumų, tavi grubii padarys in šiknų”

  While none clearly understood what that meant, but the party shuddered from the
  ancient words. Soon party saw a bright light rising in one side of the sky.
  Gate guardians went pale and panickingly rushed to get as fuck away as
  possible. When inquired why are they so worried about a sunrise -- they
  explicitly told that death is coming with that light. Party climbed down from
  the spike they were residing on and traveled in the canyons away from the
  light. Soon enough they heard a scary humming coming from the canyon in front
  of them. With caution they proceeded forwards. What they found was beyond their
  imagination. A tremendously huge pile of rotten mass infested with huge
  sharptooth maggots each of whom clawed the pile and digested it in their thin
  skinned bodies. Each rotten bite they took could be seen traveling their
  intestines. This view disgusted Tyla. She nervously stood back.

  At this point a pack of flying creatures landed around the adventurers. Each
  creature had strong leather wings and four chitin blades on their forelegs.
  They stood on two remaining legs and had a long neck which ended in numerous
  irregularly growing teeth placed on a thin bird-like jaw. Their bodies were
  dark and gloss, they had several chitin spikes growing out near the joints of
  their limbs, but remaining body was armorless and appeared to be quite
  vulnerable. The creatures seemed interested in the humanoids that stood in
  front of them, but on first aggressive motion of the party creatures jumped
  into flight and circled around out of reach of melee weapons. Tyla was attacked
  by several monstrosities and quickly fell. Her body was pierced by the gruesome
  blades and her upper torso was ripped to pieces by powerful jaws. Quite a bunch
  of creatures fell trying to pierce through the armor of Quark and Garret was
  skilfully dodging and parrying incoming attacks. The young boy tried his best
  to stay alive, but he was caught running and was simply ripped in half, only to
  be shredded to smaller pieces and devoured mid air. And when the things were
  already so bad that it looked that they may not get any worse, another pack of
  weird six legged creatures descended from surrounding cliffs. These creatures
  had muscular bodies with sharp bird-like claws. Their heads had dark eyes and
  strange toothless mouths, with an acid dripping cavity on the bottom. These
  creatures spat acid vast distances with staggering precision. Garret was caught
  in a spitfire and he screamed in agony as his face and large pieces of flesh
  melted away. Screams ended in painful gargle only when his throat completely
  dissolved in the fluid. Few shots landed on Quark and melted his impenetrable
  armor. With no armor to protect him, and with his flesh being eroded by acid,
  Quark quickly fell to the monsters. Seeing all these things unfold, the elder
  gatekeeper casted a fireball evaporating several creatures. However, countless
  more of them were coming and elder succumbed to horrifying death just like the
  rest.

  After a brief darkness adventurers realised they were laying on the cold
  basement floor. Ancient artifact was intact and slowly drifting around in the
  middle of the room. Oil lamps were filling the room with soft warm light and
  everything was silent and safe just as before. However, the death and gruesome
  visions shook them all. Garret lost his breakfast, while others just sat there
  speechless for some time.

