#Session log
__2015 06 24__

##Finished quests
  * ["Source of Time"](./03_Source_of_Time.md)
  * ["Meet the Guardians"](./06_Meet_the_Guardians.md)

##Attempted quests
  * ["Caravan of Necessity"](./07_Caravan_of_Necessity.md)

##"Twinkle at last"

After brief silence party succumbed into turmoil. Philosophical questions, like
‘What the hell?’ and ‘What do we do now?’ were loudly presented for discussion.
After a moment of complete turmoil Aric decided to kick in and present his plan
regarding the half completed sphere. After working out some specific details
(like how should we get the sphere out through this narrow exit). He ordered
the adventurers to organise and prepare a caravan to the middle of Moarri
desert. They had a week to prepare everything.

Adventurers remembered that they have a benefactor who is quite keen on
crossing the dessert himself, so it was a quick job to get the caravan
preparations roling. The merchant Jabbar Dazzleglow the Third gave adventurers
some minor tasks to complete before leaving the safety of Twinkle. For starters
they had to find the dessert guide who will lead them safely through the deadly
sands of Moarri. While performing this task they met orcish leader Tuul'grakk,
were tricked out of a thousand gold pieces by prison guards and agreed to help
Ahrne Surhail to take care of his depth to Henrique Sauvetage. Aparently Ahrne
was hiding in the prison of Twinkle, since he ‘lost’ the last caravan full of
women… Sauvetage demands a refund of 50000 gold pieces from Ahrne, yet he
refuses to pay a single dime. Ahrne agreed to lead the caravan forward and
backward across Moarri for a decent sum if the adventurers help to dispose of
the Sauvetage henchmen and Sauvetage himself after they return (if they
return...) to Twinkle.

Remaining week went on as the adventurers prepared for the journey. They were
instructed by Ahrne on how to handle shades while crossing the desert and how
to react to desert climate and challenges.

During the last day adventurers had a tiny incident in the local market, a
person in front of them was pickpocketed and the thief ran away knocking Tyla
Nuttela over. When the commotion settled down, both the thief and the robbed
person were gone in the crowd.

##"Venturing away"

After several hours of traveling a forward scout alerted caravan, that group of
forgottens settled on the road ahead. The adventurers volunteered to confirm
this information and gather more. Garret was sent to sneak near forgotten and
count them. He observed 12 beaten creatures armed with sticks and rocks.
Obviously, creatures were no real harm to the caravan, but had to be dealt with.
Just to be sure of victory, the adventurers asked Marko to help them to cast a
fireball or two. The old man agreed, however, he required to be carried to the
battlefield. Quark agreed and took Marko to the side of the glade where
forgottens were massing. When adventurers prepared for fight, Marko casted
fireball, which hit the forgottens almost dead center. Three of them were
killed immediately, while four were hurt really bad and set on fire. The
remaining five tried to fight, but were brutally slain by adventurers. If there
would be any survivors, they could tell that sticks and rocks are no match for
armor and weapons of the Blacksteels.

And so the caravan happily advanced toward the desert, and looking forward for
new, exciting  adventures awaiting them under the two suns...

