# Session log
__2015 07 01__

## Attempted quests
  * ["Caravan of Necessity"](./07_Caravan_of_Necessity.md)

## "Across the valeys"

Caravan continued on it's path. Party were not keen on talking with other
caravan members and stayed in the back all the time.  After four days caravan
began climbing the hills behind the Death Valley. At the end of the fifth day
caravan reached a deserted town. Garret Thunder tried to warn others about
danger he sensed, but nobody wanted to listen, since all were looking for a
good nights sleep under a solid roof, perhaps even in a proper bed. Yet good
nights sleep had to be postponed as goblins ambushed them. There were around
half-a-hundred goblins springing into fight all around the caravan. Party was
opposed by well organised seven goblin warriors, one of which was a mighty
goblin Mo'bu, wielding a huge halberd. The fight with the goblins went long
enough for every member of the party to get injured. Orc nearly got his feet
chopped of, while others paid off with minor cuts and bruises. Party stood
victorious while remaining alive goblins scattered and hid in the abandoned
buildings. No one from the caravan died, yet every mercenary was injured in one
way or another.

When the caravan moved a little further out of the goblin infested town and
settled for nights rest, party threated their wounds and drank some healing
potions that orc has brought along. Tyla tried to converse with remaining
mercenaries, but she was met with harshness and disgust.

Garret Thunder and Quark the orc prepared for sleep with heavy heads. They
were having difficult nightmares for the last few days... Each of them dreamed
their worst fears and Tyla was the one which triggered them in their sleep.

