#Session log
__2015 07 08__

##Attempted quests
  * ["Caravan of Necessity"](./07_Caravan_of_Necessity.md)

##"Into the desert"

Morning was early. And harsh. Mercenaries, caravan guides and others were
stumbling and swearing. Everyone appeared so tired after last nights fight with
the goblins. Injuries were making things even worse.  Tyla Nutela was the last
person in the whole camp to wake up. Yet she seemed happy and content. This
contrasted to everyone else, and soon trouble came to her. She was publicly
accused of flirting with another mercs boyfriend.  Threatened Tyla just shrug
her shoulders and appeared innocent, while event Garret and Quark were
reluctant to protect her. Only when things started heating up Quark stepped up
to calm the crazy girlfriend down.

While the caravan was traveling down the hills to the desert, tension among the
caravan members was raising. As Tyla and others discovered everyone were having
nightmares. Harsh dreams which all had one thing in common. Tyla Nutela.

As the evening came the mercs circled Tyla, Quark and Garret.

    Mercs: We should kill the bitch!!!
    Orc: Why?
    Mercs: Well, you know, for reasons.
      <I know she is trying to steal my boyfriend!>
    Orc: No.

Their chatter went on until a slightly less fatal suggestion arose, that
caravan should leave Tyla behind.  Since this was not a valid option yet, so
the discussions went on. Finally a last chance was given to Tyla.  If she stays
awake all night and the nightmares stop -- they will let her live. And so Tyla
spent a naughty night together with Marco... But the old man was too tired to
do things that he wanted to, and fell asleep in the morning. Yet the next
morning was the same as the week before. Everyone gathered around Tyla and
passed their judgement. Tyla, together with that magical artifact must leave
the caravan. Apparently rumours were spreading that a magical artifact may be
causing all these nightmares. Since the party did not want to part with any
of those, they took two sades, and split of east into the desert.  They had
food and water for eight days and by directions that Ahrne gave them, it
should take a week to get to ancient city in the middle of the desert.

##"And beyond..."

As they left, caravan breathed easier, yet the party was tired and tormented by
their vivid nightmares. Nightmares were take a huge toll on Aric, who was
throwing up at each mention of night or sleep or sight of Tyla. He was weakened
and could barely move. Thank god they had a sade for him and the old man to
ride... Apparently they did not thank the gods enough. Midday a huge sandstorm
struck the travelers. In the hurry they somehow failed to tie sades together
strongly enough so in the morning when the dust settled they found that one of
their pack animals has disappeared, along with half of their rations. If that
was not enough, the skies have bled and were painted in crimson. And the
leather of waterskins have cracked. Thankfully the water was not dripping out,
but the party knew that these are not good omens...

After the storm Aric was too exhausted to move, so Quark made a stretcher for
the sade out of the last tent they had.  As they counted they had water and
food for around four days. They knew they should reach oasis Ahrne mentioned in
about three days.  As they packed their belongings they noticed a grey figure
in the distance. In the same direction they were traveling. The figure was not
responding and a lone arrow Tyla shot did not even reach the figure. They
followed the figure all day and succumbed to restless sleep at night.  In the
morning Aric was still breathing, but his life was nearing the end. They
started moving south east, a little more to the left that the mysterious figure
was standing in the horizon.  Pack of wild jackals appeared behind them. Yet
the beasts kept their distance. It was like they knew that eventually everyone
will die and they will feast on the remains.  Midday Aric silently breathed his
last. Quark was quite keen on eating the child, since they were extremely low
on food and water, but Tyla and Marco were against. After a brief fight, Marko
wrapped the boys body and lit it with magical fire. He gave his last prayer to
god of fire and left the body for the flames to cleanse.  Quark was still
unhappy that they left behind so much perfectly good meat. Next day Quark,
Garret and Tyla had a fight to which direction they should travel. Tyla was
quite sure they should walk straight south to the figure in the distance, while
both Garret and Quark insisted on traveling south east. They decided to go
south east again. Third day they all agreed on south east direction. Fourth day
the rations and water were all consumed and party was restless where the
promised oasis is.  They noticed that the figure is standing even more to south
west than before. They continued south, until they saw red cliffs in the east.
By the description they realised they have completely missed the oasis. And it
will take two days to travel west back to the oasis. Party was desperate. They
slaughtered their pack animal to eat and drink at least something. But after
the night they found the corpse of sade completely eaten by wild animals.  They
ventured onwards to the center of the desert. Marko fell face down into the hot
sand when Un reached the zenith. He showed no more signs of life and no one
even considered checking on him. They spent their time arguing should they eat
his body or not.  Both Quark and Garret were keen on digging their teeth into
the flesh of an old man. But Tyla demanded that they kept their humanity. The
last argument made no sense to the orc, but he was still persuaded not to eat
Marco.  As the trio walked away, dragging the magical orb behind them, they saw
a huge fire explosion at an approximate location of Marco's body. And so the
old wizard left this life with a bang.  Next day Tyla was unable to stand up
and continue. Garret started licking the orb out of desperation. Orb reacted to
his licks (and later blood) with a red glow, instead of the usual blueish tint.
Finally out of utter desperation Garret exclaimed:

    Where in the name of the darkest sun should we go now?!

    There.

The answer startled both Quark and Garret. Gray figure was standing next to
them.

    Hoy, where is the center of the desert?

    Two days. This way ->

    And where is the nearest oasis?

    Three days. That way <-

    And why didn't you tell us that earlier???

    I was leading you to the controler all the time. You just did not...

    Seven darknesses with the controler!!! Why did you not lead us to the
    oasis?

    Why should I lead you to oasis?

    FOR WATER!!! AND FOOD!!! WE NEED THOSE THINGS!!!

    Oh... Next time I'll sure make note of that.

    THERE WILL BE NO NEXT TIME!!!

While Garret was still conversing something, Quark gathered remaining strength
and started walking towards the center of the desert.  Garret tried to follow,
but dehydration took it's toll and he passed out in the heat. Quark did not
even notice. He just walked towards the figure which silently floated just a
few yards in front of him. Step after step, hour after hour... Quark felt the
weight of the orb. He felt the weight of his armor.  The heat and the sleepless
nights finally took the gigantic orc down to his knees. Orc breathed rapidly.
Cloaked figure froze few yards away. Then the world became dark.

##"Epilogue"

Gray figure stood next to an orc lying in scorching sand. Suddenly sand opened
up and swallowed both orc and the orb.

    Well, that's inconvenient...

Cloak murmured when a giant sand worm slid away under the desert sand.

