# Into the Den

Strong ancient oaks were casting long shadows in the reddish sunset on the
thick vegetation beneath their wide crowns. Birds singing their usual evening
melodies and gushing of a nearby brook filled the atmosphere with serene
calmness.

Rapid footsteps rushed through darkening undergrowth. A thin boy in tattered
clothes ran recklessly with panic in his eyes. His arms were covered in a
mixture of blood and mud. His gaze was racing in front of his feet, desperately
trying to notice bumps and pits in dimming evening light.

A ferocious howl pierced through the forest, sending a chill down the poor
boy's spine. For a brief moment his head turned over his shoulder in fright. A
flock of dark birds took off in the distance. Sound of their flapping wings
reached child's ears just as his foot slid between two roots and halted in
place throwing the boy off balance directly into thorny shrubs. After a moment
of silence shrubs began to rustle. Boy whimpered as sharp thorns dug into his
unprotected skin. He covered his face with one arm and crawled forward. Crimson
streaks appeared on his slender cheeks and forehead when he finally emerged on
the other side. A painful yelp escaped as he rushed back on his feet and
collapsed back on the mush moss. His left foot was covered in fresh blood and
unnaturally twisted to one side. He glanced over his surroundings in
desperation. Fear filled his body like blackening tide as bestial growling came
closer and closer.

A dark gap between two boulders caught child's attention. On all fours he
scrambled and pressed his body against the rock. A glimpse into the darkness
promised a possibly safe hiding place, if only he could squeeze through the
opening. Without further hesitation he put his hands into the gap and prodded
for anything dangerous. Only managing to reach thick darkness boy took his
chances and tried to slide in. His chest painfully brushed across sharp rock
edge as he dived into the dark. Stale darkness engulfed frail falling body.

Boy could not see anything and his mind screamed with thought that he is
falling into a bottomless pit. But in moments notice he landed nose first on
something soft and dry. He turned over and stared at the thin bright gap which
was shining few paces away from his face. A deep growl flew into the opening
from outside. A beast was rustling around. Suddenly a bloodthirsty snot jammed
into the opening and white teeth snapped angrily. Scared child scurried
backwards hitting his head hardly on the stone. As conciousness slipped away
boy saw the dark shadow glooming over reddish sky visible through slim edgy
opening.


